{"reviewerID": "AIBRTGBN07D6A", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Scott", "helpful": [28475, 29284], "reviewText": "UPDATE November 2012 - With theKindle Fire HDout now, I highly recommend it over this older version, as it fixes many of the problems I mention in my review.  No one should buy this original version of the Kindle Fire unless you can get it for very cheap.  I would also recommend theKindle Fire HD 8.9\"over the 7\" Fire, as I feel the increased size has a dramatic effect on the tablet experience.The first and most important thing that should be said about the Kindle Fire is that this is not an \"iPad-killer.\"  It is not designed to be.  I have seen so many articles and comments comparing this to the iPad, and surveys where people are asked if they will be buying a Kindle Fire over an iPad this Christmas.  If you are expecting an iPad, or even a tablet, you will be disappointed.  The main purpose of this device is to deliver Amazon content to you more effectively.  It is designed for consumption, not creation. That is the reason it is so cheap and why Amazon is taking a loss on it.  They are hoping to make up for that loss through sales of videos, music, books, and apps through Amazon's Web Services.  You can also use it to view your own movies and media, but will find that it is more limited in that way than a regular tablet.  Personally, as someone who has ordered several rentals from Amazon Video, and had to contact customer support for every single one of them due to problems with Amazon's Unbox player or purchases not appearing in my downloads, I can really appreciate this.  But if you don't plan on using Amazon at all to obtain your media, you may want to take this into consideration before purchasing the Fire.  Additionally, the reason this product is so hyped, and one of the reasons I like it so much, is due to the ridiculously low price.  Amazon reviews shouldn't focus on price, but it is hard not to with this device.  On price alone, this is a five star device.  However when looked at the Fire overall, and when compared with other touch devices (what little there is to compare it to), I have to give it four stars, since there are a few areas I feel could use definite improvement.FORM FACTOR - The Kindle Fire feels almost the same in my hand as my 3rd generation Kindle but it is a bit heavier.  It might be difficult to hold it one handed and read a book for an hour or watch a movie. You're going to need to rest it on something.  The display is made of Gorilla Glass, which is a highly damage-resistant.  You can still crack it, but I have used a phone with Gorilla Glass for two years on it and it has zero scratches on it despite being kept daily in my pocket with my keys.  The back of the tablet is rubberized, so it won't slide around and won't get scratched easily.  It also feels good in my hand.  Despite all the companies that will be selling them, I do not think you need a screen protector.  I have scratched Gorilla Glass before, but it is very difficult to do.CONNECTIONS/STORAGE - On the bottom are a headphone port (which will accept external speakers), micro-USB (for charging and file transfer), and power button.  The Fire doesn't come with an SD card slot, with good reason.  As mentioned, Amazon wants you to get content directly from them.  It also reduces the production costs.  You can transfer your own content to the device through the USB connection from your home computer.  The Fire comes with 8Gb of storage, which is enough to hold about 8 downloaded movies, 80 apps, 800 songs, or 6,000 books. I filled mine up right away so I never checked it out of the box, but apparently it is closer to 6.5Gb as the OS is going to take up some of this.  You have to really become adept at managing your content through the Cloud. Books won't take up much room, but magazines are around 250Mb and movies are a little under 1 Gb.  Free videos available through Amazon Prime cannot be downloaded, only streamed.  So unless you buy a movie from Amazon or transfer one of your own, you must be connected through a wi-fi connection in order to watch your movie.AMAZON CLOUD - If you have not tried out the Amazon Cloud Drive, you will be pleasantly surprised. You get 5Gb (which they will probably increase in the near future) of free online storage to store anything you want, and you can access it from anywhere.  This combines very nicely with the Fire.  5Gb isn't much for my collection, so I upgraded to a higher plan (rates are $1 per extra gigabyte per year).  I can upload a playlist to it and listen to it on my home computer, then when I get to work the Fire can access it and pick it up where I left off.  Any songs you get from Amazon Mp3 are automatically stored on the Cloud and don't contribute to the 5Gb storage space.E-READER - This was going to be the big determination in whether I should get a Fire or the new Kindle Touch.  Ultimately I ended up getting both since I prefer the E-Ink technology to the backlit display of the Fire.  If you are the type of person who reads a lot and expect to spend at least 50% of your use on reading books, I don't think you will be satisfied with the Fire over your Kindle 3 or theKindle Touch, Wi-Fi, 6\" E Ink Display - includes Special Offers & Sponsored Screensavers. It just isn't the same, and after hours of reading, the display would make my eyes hurt a bit (just like with any tablet).  However it is nice not to have to use a lighted cover to see my books in the dark.  The Kindle Fire is difficult to read in bright sunlight or on the beach.  The touch navigation is very nice, but it doesn't function as nicely or quickly as it does on the iPad or even the Kindle Touch. This can be a problem for me, and the main reason I am using the Kindle Touch for reading books. Additionally, the Fire doesn't support real page numbers, even though the Touch does. So you have to use that ridiculous \"location 121 of 16077 - 2%\" format. A year of that with my last Kindle and I still don't understand what that means.  They need to fix this in an update.  Being able to touch a word and have it bring up the dictionary is incredibly convenient and takes less than 2 seconds.  But still, the Kindle Touch handily beats the Fire for reading.MAGAZINES - The Kindle Fire can also handle magazines, however the display is just too small to be an enjoyable reading experience.  I tried out several different magazines, and the main problem I had was with the formatting.  I tried to read an issue of Bon Appetit and my eyes were straining after three pages.  There is no way to read a single article without zooming. The Fire handles magazines two ways: with Page View, which shows the original magazine display, and with Text View, which attempts to just provide the text of the article. A lot of magazines these days have several things going on in one page, with multiple columns, little sidebars and boxes everywhere, etc.  I couldn't view a lot of this without zooming, the text is just too small.  So Page View did not work very well for magazines like this.  It is especially tough with magazines like Entertainment Weekly, Men's Health, GQ, etc.  I found magazines like that unreadable on the 7\" display.  Magazines that focused mostly on the article, like Nature, Wired, etc, were handled much better.  Some magazines even come integrated with embedded video and audio, which is a very nice feature, and one I can see being very useful for things like Men's Health, but I haven't had as much of a chance to use it yet.  Text View is a very nice feature that works mostly well, but seems to get a bit confused with magazines that have complicated formatting, so it pretty much defeats the purpose since those are the ones I need it for the most.COMIC READER - This is one of the main reasons I purchased the Fire.  Amazon has a fairly extensive collection of comic books available for the Fire, including an exclusive deal with DC to publish many of their books.  In addition to a proprietary comic reader that comes on the Fire, Amazon also has a Comics by ComiXology app available to purchase issues and subscriptions through. Although I initially thought the 7\" display would be too small, it is actually decent enough to serve as a comic reader.  I would definitely prefer a 10\" version if they came out with one in the future. A 10\" tablet is still the way to go for comics, but if you're looking for a cheaper option and portability, the Fire isn't too bad, and definitely beats a smart phone.  It has a \"panel by panel\" feature that lets you scroll through the issue by different panels, which it will then zoom in on. You tap the panel when done, and it moves to the next panel.  This is great for getting a larger view and working around the size restriction, especially since some of the text in the comics is just too small to read.  Although it is fairly decent, if you are considering the Fire just for comic books, and you are a Marvel fan, you may want to hold off and look at another retailer's device which I think has a few more options.  You can load your own .cbr comic files on the Kindle, but you'll need to use a third party app, like Comicat to do it.AMAZON MP3/VIDEO - Amazon hopes that you will get the majority of your content from them. That is why the Fire is so reasonably-priced.  Amazon music is DRM-free.  DRM is copy protection.  That means that the record labels haven't locked down the music you buy from Amazon to restrict how you use it.  Amazon MP3 music is playable anywhere, even on your Apple devices.  It also has a very high bitrate so you are getting great quality. You don't have to worry about not being able to listen to your music 15 years from now if Amazon goes under. It's yours forever.  As far as video, I have always disliked Amazon's Video services.  The prices are very reasonable and they now have a huge selection, but obtaining the videos is a huge pain due to Amazon's terrible Unbox player. That changes with the Fire, as everything is native and streams/downloads beautifully.  If you make a lot of purchases with Amazon, or if you have several Amazon customers in your household, you should take advantage of their Prime program.  In addition to the large selection of free videos now available to Prime members, the shipping advantages are amazing. I once had a 200 lb exercise bike overnighted to my house for only $3.99.  Everything I order I get within 2 days. The Prime program seems expensive but it has certainly paid for itself over the years for me, and now is even better that it is integrated more with the Fire.  The only problem I have with video playback is that everything I watched did not fully expand to the screen, and was letterboxed.  Considering the small 7\" display size, this was an annoyance for me.  I know shows have different aspect ratios, but some should fit the display, and I think many users will be annoyed that they can't zoom or stretch the display to fit.WEB BROWSING - This is another feature I was initially excited about. I like the idea of being able to use the Fire as a netbook.  Amazon advertises \"ultra fast web browsing\" using Amazon's Silk browser.  It is based off of technology that is designed to increase page loading times by pre-fetching part of the content.  Sounds like a great idea, but doesn't work as well in practice.  I tried out the Fire on several different connections and compared page loading times with other devices (all connected wirelessly).  The Fire was one of the slowest.  Amazon's own web page, which has actually recently been optimized to work with the Fire, takes an average of 7 seconds to load. Other major portals took a similar amount of time or slower. My iPad and my Xoom both load pages much faster.  It is not slow enough to be a problem, but not fast enough to impress me or be worthy of Amazon's marketing regarding it.  This needs to be improved. UPDATE - As of February 2012, page loading times are much improved. It can still be a bit slow and stutter at times, but you can increase this by following the steps at the bottom of this review.  I am mostly satisfied with browsing now, although Silk still occasionally won't recognize it when I touch a link.BATTERY LIFE - Amazon advertises 8 hours of reading or 7.5 hours of video playback.  As an average, that's probably fairly accurate.  During testing I got an average of 7.4 hours of continuous reading, and 7 hours of video playback over five tests for each.  This is a big change over the roughly 30 days of continuous reading with the traditional kindle, so it may hamper you a bit if you're a voracious reader.  I just got into the habit of charging it every night with my cell phone.  You can shut down the Kindle or put it in sleep mode.  I keep mine in sleep mode all the time because it is so efficient that it uses almost no battery. I can leave it in sleep mode for 2 days and come back and not notice any change in battery life, and since I don't have to reboot, it starts up immediately.VS IPAD - As said, this isn't designed to be an iPad.  I have an iPad and there is so much more I can do with it compared to the Kindle. The Fire serves a different (but sometimes similar) function.  I just don't ever see Amazon building up the type of app store that Apple has, and that's where you're going to find the major differences. Additionally, the 10\" display on the iPad makes a huge difference to me over the Fire's 7\" display when it comes to watching movies and TV, and reading magazines and comic books.  However, I think there is definitely room for the Fire to steal some of iPad's market share, as many people (I am one of them), will find the functions they want in a tablet can be covered by the Fire.USER INTERFACE - The Fire uses a heavily modified version of Android.  I really liked the interface, however I don't think it works as well on the Fire as it does on a full tablet device like the Motorola Xoom.  Occasionally I would try to make a page turn and have it not register on the Fire, or have it register more slowly than I am used to.  If you have a lot of experience with the iPad, you are going to notice that the software doesn't respond as quickly on the Fire as it does with other tablets.  Although this is an inconvenience and something I definitely feel needs to be addressed, I can accept it given the lower price point.  I will have a problem though if this is not resolved through a firmware upgrade in the future.  The Fire's custom version of Android is very nice.  The most recent applications or files accessed will display in a carousel format that you can rotate through.  You can also set up commonly-used applications as favorites. If you want to access movies and pictures that you manually load onto the Fire, you have to open up the \"Gallery\" app, rather than accessing them from the \"Videos\" and \"Photos\" tabs.  The gallery app does not very user-friendly at displaying these files. For instance, it just creates thumbnails for all your video files and doesn't let you view the file names when selecting a video. If you have dozens of videos from a single TV show, there is no easy way to organize them in the gallery. It's clear Amazon wants you to view their videos purchased from them rather than your own. I would really like to see them fix this through a simple firmware update but I doubt they will.NEGATIVES:- No bluetooth and no HDMI.  I could really use bluetooth for integration with bluetooth-capable speakers and so I can use bluetooth audio in my car. As a media player, I feel this really should have been included, and I imagine it will with future versions.  This is especially important since the audio from the speakers is a bit tinny and weak.  I have been using headphones with all my media-playing, which significantly improves the sound. There is also no physical volume button, which is a pain when you need to silence the device quickly (EDIT: You can sideload the \"Volume Control\" app by RubberBigPepper\" from the Android Market for a great software workaround to this).  I also would like HDMI output so I can take my Amazon video purchases and watch them on my TV.  Another big disadvantage in a device that is made for media.  This will also likely be included in a future edition, so at $200, I don't feel bad about possibly having to upgrade a year from now to get it.- Only 8Gb storage space.  As mentioned, this device is mainly designed to integrate with Amazon's Cloud, so 8 should be enough, but it would be nice to have at least 16.  I imagine Amazon did this on purpose to force people to use their Cloud service.- Touch capability can sometimes be sluggish.  iPad and other tablet owners may be disappointed with the touch reaction time and some aspects of the software.- Video doesn't include option to zoom or stretch the display to fit the screen.- Very limited selection of apps from the Amazon App Store. Most of the apps are mediocre games. UPDATE - you can get around this by manually loading apps onto the Fire. Do a search for \"sideload kindle fire.\"  It is very easy.- Web \"Accelerator\" is not as fast as other tablets.- No Micro-USB transfer cable included with it.  Another way for Amazon to discourage you from transferring your own files to the device. If you want to do that, you will need to purchase one separately, like theAmazonBasics USB Cable - 2.0 A Male to Micro B (6 Feet / 1.8 Meters).SUMMARY: Bottom line, you will not find a cheaper device out there for streaming music, video, and books than the Kindle Fire.  The reason that this device is so amazing is not for what it can do, but for what it can do at such a cheap price.  The price tag, not the technology, is the story here.  Although I definitely feel there is room for improvement and will be interested in seeing Amazon's second generation of this device (which I think will be significantly improved), the Kindle Fire is a solid start.  If you can wait a year or more for Amazon to work out the kinks with the Fire (like it did with its 1st generation of the Kindle), you should definitely do that. The next version should fix a lot of the problems that keep the current Fire from being a \"Five Star\" product.  Unfortunately, reviews shouldn't focus on price, so due to some issues with the form factor and touch interface, I can only give it four stars. It is just not \"perfect\" enough for me to say it is a five star product without taking price into consideration.  But aside for that, there is really only one device you can compare the Fire to - The Nook.  So for what it is, I would have no problems recommending the Fire to consumers who can take advantage of it.  This product more than lives up to what it is DESIGNED to do.  If you plan on getting most of your content from Amazon AND you have a Prime membership, I think you will really find this is a pretty incredible device for the money.UPDATE 28 Dec 2011: After getting a new case for the Fire that makes it easier to hold, I'm starting to use it more for reading (although I still prefer my Kindle Touch for anything over about 45 minutes).  Some magazines are now better adapted to the Fire liked my subscription to Wired, and some are still terrible and just compressed PDFs. An update released last week adds more privacy features so you can delete recent history form the carousel, and does improve noticeably on the touch sensitivity, although it can still be frustrating at times and not as smooth as something like an iPad.  Browser loading times are still disappointing, but not as bad as they were at first release, and I don't notice them as much.  I am continually impressed at battery usage for this device. Despite using it less than an hour a day, I never turn it off and only charge it a couple times a week.  The rest of the time it sits in standby mode which is extremely efficient.  If they could improve a couple more options I'd be closer to giving the Fire five stars.UPDATE 7 Feb 2012: I have been able to update the browser significantly by doing the following: Open up the browser and select the menu button at the bottom, select the Settings button, and then change the following options:Enable plug-ins: Change this to \"off.\"  This will disable Flash, so if you have any web sites that need it you can re-enable it (YouTube works fine).Accelerate page loading: Uncheck this. If your wifi connection is decent, it's not really necessary.Mobile (This one is optional, but I prefer to view everything in mobile mode rather than having Silk trying to force a desktop view on a 7\" screen.\"", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "A great device WHEN you consider price and function, with a few flaws", "unixReviewTime": 1321228800, "reviewTime": "11 14, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AG9G4VUJB6709", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "waetherman", "helpful": [11118, 11618], "reviewText": "As a long-time Kindle fan I was eager to get my hands on a Fire. For the most part I've found that it does what I wanted it to, which is be the one device I can take with me anywhere. There are some great features; the reader app is excellent (though not without flaws), the app store experience is terrific, videos are fantastic, and the device is quick and for the most part dead-simple to use, all thanks to the services Amazon provides. And of course the extras that come with Prime membership really make it a real value - I won't be cancelling my Netflix streaming account just yet (watching Netflix on the Fire works very well) but I imagine within a year Amazon's free streaming video catalog will be just as good as Netflix. The free \"lending library\" book every month really is the icing on the cake though, and makes Prime membership a no-brainer. The hardware itself is solid and has a quality feel, it's just the right size for one-handed use, and the screen is fantastic (for an LCD screen) with good brightness and excellent color, and a very wide viewing angle. So as a reader, video player and music streaming device the Fire excels, and as an occasional browsing, emailing, game playing tablety thing it does pretty well.But there are some downsides too; the small bezel size makes holding it without inadvertent page-turns difficult, the lack of buttons makes controls harder, the accessible storage memory is limited to just 5GB, which seems awfully small when carrying my own video content on a trip, and overall the interface of the system is just a little awkward and unfinished. Sometimes the back button doesn't work, buttons are hard to push accurately or launch the wrong function, navigation isn't exactly intuitive, etc. Particularly annoying are things like the way that almost half the screen is taken up by menu bars when browsing in landscape mode, the \"momentum\" of the browsing not stopping, menu bars that sometimes just pop up randomly while reading, and the navigation of Newsstand content like the New York Times is incredibly awkward. And then there's the jerkiness that happens when browsing or navigating other content; to me, this just shouldn't happen when reading a book. This is a Kindle, after all.On the missing or unfinished side its disappointing that there isn't even a little bit of social media built in - no sharing clips of books or newsstand material via email, FB or twitter. Also missing is the \"read out loud\" found on other Kindles, and the new \"X-Ray\" feature found on the other new Kindles. There is no archiving or syncing personal documents - they have to be mailed individually to the Fire. And there's no page numbers in the books - c'mon, Amazon, this is even available for the old Kindles at this point. The browser lacks some basic functionality like being able to rearrange bookmarks, and other little annoyances. The email application is very basic, and doesn't always format text properly, and doesn't have simple things like a landscape mode to view a list of messages. But the biggest \"unfinished\" feature of the Fire is the Cloud integration; the Cloud doesn't work hand-in-glove with the Fire in the way you think it might. In order to access features like the video or the docs, you basically have to go through a browser the way you would from any other device. For the most part the Cloud acts only as a digital locker for items purchased from Amazon, not seamlessly as a repository for any kind of content you want to access from the Fire. The way the Cloud seems to be marketed, and the way it should work, is that the Fire and the Cloud should work seamlessly together for all kinds of content; if you upload your own movie from your PC to the Cloud, you should see it in your Video tab on the Fire, and be able to stream it or download it. If you upload folders of work documents to the Cloud, they should be available to browse and download from the Fire's Doc tab. But that's not the way it works. For whatever reason, the Fire's using a Frankenstein mix of the Cloud, Kindle digital library, the app store, and local storage to handle content needs. It just isn't quite ready for prime time, and it isn't what people are expecting when they pick up the Fire.All of these little things add up to make what could be a great device merely adequate. Many will be able to overlook these problems and enjoy the Kindle Fire for what it is; an inexpensive all-in-one-entertainment device. I only point them out to remind people that they should not expect perfection from the Kindle Fire, at least not out of the box. Over the next few months it's possible (likely) that many of the problems I have could be fixed with software revisions - i.e. the bezel problem could be fixed by making the margins in the reader app non-active, for instance, and the problem with the menus taking up too much room could be fixed by making them accessible via swipe-up or swipe-down. Hopefully Amazon is already working on these things. Until then, I'm trying to learn to live with the Fire as best I can. Maybe I can learn to love it.NOTE: This review has been edited slightly since it was originally posted for the purposes of clarity and to answer questions that have come up in the comments thread to this review. Please leave a comment if you need clarification or think that something has been missed.UPDATE NOV 30: a recent software update seems to have fixed several of the above problems, specifically the system speed and page-turning speed are better, and the button response is much improved. Random menus no longer appear when reading, momentum in the browser doesn't seem to be a problem anymore, and the carousel is much easier to use as a result of it having slightly more \"friction\" in paging through the most recent items used.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "I want to love it, I really do. But I can't.", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1X1CEGHTHMBL1", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "jjceo", "helpful": [7722, 8067], "reviewText": "Update: 12/14/2012If you're interested I just purchased a new second generation Kindle Fire for my grandson and I have done a review on it discussing how it compares to this model and how to set it up right out of the box with a video to help you. I also discuss the new version's pros and cons.  It may be listed a few pages back from the top but you can find it posted with the product link shown below:Kindle Fire 7\", LCD Display, Wi-Fi, 8 GB - Includes Special Offers++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++I picked mine up today at Best Buy.  At home I plugged it in and set up the WIFI and my Amazon account and it immediately told me that an update was downloading.  After about 10 to 12 minutes it rebooted and started working.  I own an iPhone, iPad 2, HP Touchpad and a Kindle Keyboard version.  This device compares with the Ipad.  The reviews that blast the Kindle Fire as being no good are just not true. I am a retired CEO and computer Guru and have a great WIFI set up in my home.  Here is my quick and dirty review:WIFI fast and easy to set up and useKeyboard types great, much better than the HP Touchpad and as good if not better than the iPad.Display high resolution comparable to the iPad 2The device downloaded my 100 books in minutes.  Most books downloaded to the device in 3 to 4 seconds.  A couple of large books took 5 seconds and I am talking about books with 800 pages!Web browsing is extremely fast.  I loaded up a dozen sites that I go to with complex screens and they took 2 to 3 seconds to load.  The people who are complaining should fix their WIFI instead of complaining about the Kindle Fire.  I see no problem and the speed on the sites I tested is comparable to the iPad 2.  One site for a local TV station took about 8 seconds and the screens are complex and contain a lot of videos and changing photos.Apps load and work great, Facebook, Words With Friends and the Weather Channel loaded fast and work quickly.Scrolling works very fast and responsive on the capacitive touch screen.  Better than the HP TouchpadVideo download is very fast and I have no complaints.Sound is very good on the device.  Much louder than on my iPad 2 device.  I saw several reviews blasting the Kindle Fire and in my opinion the sound is better than the iPad 2.I put the Kindle Fire into a case I purchased from Oberondesign and it fit tightly, but it did fit.The Kindle Fire is more portable and easier to hold than the iPad and HP Touchpad.The power button is bad.  It is easy to bump and it is right next to the power plug.  I have already turned the device off 4 times by accident while doing the testing.  I was unplugging the power cable and touched the switch every time.  This switch should have been on the top of the device.Overall the Kindle fire is a 9 out of 10.  For the price it is a 10 out of 10.I am not a professional reviewer nor am I a paid reviewer.  The Kindle fire is worth the money and it works well.  What happens after 5 million users get onto Amazon is a new test that Amazon must prove they can handle.******************************Please look at one of my later comments on an excellent WIFI APP tool than could help you test your home WIFI system. Amamzon sells it and it is free!******************************Update 12-21-2011Amazon has made an update to the Kindle Fire operating system effective today.  Make sure that your Kindle Fire is fully charged or plugged in and press the power button for about 20 seconds.  Turn on the Kindle Fire by pressing the on button again and it will begin to come on slowly.  It will be downloading the update.  After it starts it will shut down automatically and then restart again.  When the swipe arrow comes on, swipe it and enter your password (If you have one) and your Kindle will start. Be patient when downloading this and wait for the Kindle Fire to totally restart!The new operating system is number 6.2.1 and it was 6.2.  You can check this by touching the small gear in the upper RH corner, touch \"+More\", touch \"Device\" and then looking at the entry for the \"System Version\".Major changes that I can see:-Memory is now segmented into two parts that are available to you.  The first is Application Storage which is set at 1.17 GB.  It will appear at the top of the device screen and you can see how much is used for Apps.  This is the memory allocated for your down loaded and resident Apps.- The remaining memory is called Internal Storage and it is now 5.37 GB for your books, movies and other storage besides Apps.  It is listed below the Application Storage.-When looking at the Settings page you will see a new access for \"Restrictions\" which allows you to enable a password to turn WIFI access OFF or ON.  If you enable this you will be asked to enter a password, (Minimum of 4 characters) that will allow you to turn Off the WIFI access.  You have now just enabled a \"child\" mode where you can play games, read books, or do anything that is installed on your Kindle Fire.  You will not be able to get new email, browse the internet, buy anything, or communicate in any way to the Web as the WIFI is turned off.  You will see a key in the upper RH corner where before you saw the WIFI strength indicator.  The key symbol means the WIFI is locked OFF.  DO NOT FORGET YOUR PASSWORD!  Remember you can do anything that is on your Kindle but you cannot download anything from the \"Cloud\" so make sure that your Kindle has everything you want to do on it resident in the Kindle memory.  In order to enable the WIFI you must touch the key symbol, touch WIFI, touch WIFI \"ON\", enter your password and click OK.  Your WIFI will reconnect in about 5 seconds.-You are able to remove anything from the Carousel by simply touching it for a few seconds and then selecting \"Remove from Carousel\".  This is a nice new feature and you can still access your books or Apps by using the menu bar items above the Carousel.- Amazon states that operation fluidity and performance enhancements have be added but it is difficult to see what they are as the device does so much you don't know where to look for the enhancements.-Amazon states that the touch navigation is more responsive and again it is difficult to see changes.  I do seem to notice that the back arrow symbol on the bottom of the screen seems to be more responsive.There is a post on Amazon to download this update using a computer and a micro-USB cable but I have updated two Kindle Fires using the method I discuss above without a problem.  If you would like to look at the Amazon post look here: http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=hp_k6_updatesi?nodeId=200790620Many people may not own a micro-USB cable.I could not use the automatic update mode where it says to touch the \"Update Your Kindle\" button on the Kindle Fire under the Device page as that selection was grayed out.  Cycling the power to do a hard reset forced the download automatically.  You should receive this update automatically on your Kindle Fire in a day or two after it begins the automatic update roll-out.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Great device, you will enjoy it", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A10PEXB6XAQ5XF", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Michael Gallagher", "helpful": [4701, 4909], "reviewText": "I've had a chance to play with the Kindle Fire for a few hours now, and overall I think it is a great tool /toy when you factor in the cost of ownership and what you get.  Compared to $500 minimum for the introductory price of the bottom of the line iPad2 (WiFi only), at $199 this is a great buy.Using a Wifi connection at two different locations, the speed was pretty fast connecting to the Amazon server as well as to a couple of Internet sites.  I had fast connectivity and display on Fox News, CNN, my personalized Yahoo page, and the website of the International Association of Penturners (hey, I do have hobbies!).  I had slow connectivity at both Wifi locations with Google, ESPN, MSNBC, the Houston Chronicle, and the Weather Channel - I hope the unique app for ESPN and the Weather Channel are a lot faster, but I haven't loaded them onto the Fire yet.  I will point out with the exception of the Google website, those other sites listed as slow are usually slow on my other handheld devices such as my Droid phone and my work iPad2 (yes, the Kindle guy owns and uses an iPad for work purposes).  The web browser is called Silk, and it is nice and user-friendly.Let's talk about what I see as the benefits first:The screen size to me is just right for what I will be using it for - I have used an iPad and the screen is larger - but I did watch about 15 minutes of an episode of season 3 of 24 on the Fire and I didn't have screen envy or felt like I was missing anything.  The sound quality was good, but I listened to it mainly with a set of headphones so I wouldn't wake my kids.Concerning size of the overall unit - not too heavy or bulky and it fits nice in your hand.  I have it in one of the Marware covers and it just \"feels\" right: that's not a firm statement for a review, I know, but what else can I say?  Holding the iPad feels a little bulky at times but the Fire is just a little bit larger than my Kindle keypad, so I was pretty much conditioned to this size over the past few years.  Compared to the iPad, the Fire doesn't generate near as much heat.Speed of the apps as well as reading a book is VERY fast and responsive.  I haven't tried a a challenging spreadsheet or Word document with the Open Office app yet, but then again I can't think of too many times where (based on my guesstimated usage) I will be doing those kind of tasks on my Fire: I like to keep my work separate from play.  Maybe the time will come when business applications will become more prevalent with the Fire, but that's a story for another day.Back to the pricing - $199 is an absolute steal for a unit with this many features.  Compare that to an iPad2 at more than twice the price for a few more inches of screen space.  Some people really want that, but it doesn't bother me.  You will also receive a month free of Prime membership and I highly recommend you try out the benefits, which are more than free two-day shipping.  You get full access to thousands of movies and tv shows for free.  You can give them a test drive on your Fire and see if it is for you or not.  I already rent a lot of movies to my Tivo via Amazon, and I can see the functionality of the free movies combined with the for rent options being able to be played on this device as very compelling for when I go on business trips.And, for those of you I've been playing Words with Friends with, this morning's moves were made on the Fire - the touchscreen worked flawlessly.I transferred some music to the Fire and it works like a charm.  I haven't had enough time to really dive deep into this feature yet and come up with a playlist or jukebox list, but the sounds quality was nice: not too loud and not too soft.Here are some potential negatives:I don't think I will be reading too much on this device.  Who knows, that opinion may change, but I REALLY like the Kindle for reading with its eInk screen.  I read a lot outside or in bright light, and based upon my experiences with reading on an iPad the eInk is better than the full color for reading outside. However, my youngest child really likes the full color resolution as the books he likes to read has a lot of pictures in it (he's in elementary school).  So, to each their own.  I didn't purchase the Fire for reading, but more for entertainment.As mentioned above, the screen is smaller than an iPad.  That doesn't bother me (see comments above), but it may bother some people where size matters or they have to have the \"biggest\" of this and that.I really wish they would have shipped this thing with a micro USB cord: if there is one in the packaging I missed it.  Luckily, I have a few of them in the house, so I wasn't too put out.  I imagine they did that to keep the overall cost at $199.There are lots of apps available for the Fire because it uses the DROID platform, but Apple lovers will pound their chest and say \"but we have over a million apps\" blah blah blah.  I think you should look at the QUALITY of the app vs. the quantity, as there is certainly a lot of junk in the iPad app store (as there is the DROID store), but your basic functionality for the apps I want / need are there.Overall, at $199 this is an extremely great value to me and well worth it: Amazon has hit a home run with this one.  If you haven't grabbed one now, get one before they run out before Christmas!EDIT TO ADD:Okay, I've tried to add this twice and it bombed, so hopefully the third time is the charm.  Email setup was very easy - it took about a minute to setup my main Google account, and I was able to send a test message to another account as well as receive and reply to other emails.  I sent a picture via email to the Fire and it showed crisp and clear.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Outstanding Value at $199 and Full of Functionality / Bells / Whistles", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2V9Z1633UN4JD", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Kindle Customer", "helpful": [3043, 3688], "reviewText": "I am a long-time kindle user.  I love my kindle, I read from it every night, faithfully.  So when the Fire was announced, I was right on top of pre-ordering it.Fast forward a few months to this past Wednesday.  I was excited - the day was finally here, and when I got a text message from Amazon saying my Fire had been delivered to my front door, I knew I would be rushing to open it when I got home from work.Home I go, and straight to the lovely box waiting at my door that has 'Kindle Fire' written all over it - only to find that the box was already opened!!!It was empty - the sad little brown wrapper from what I assume once held the charger or cables staging at me in silence.  The box itself was all put back together - the quasi-origami design of the packaging made it impossible to tell it had already been opened until you got up close for a good look.  But there was absolutely nothing inside - not even an invoice.After picking my jaw (and heart) up off the floor, I immediately called Amazon.  To their credit, the customer service lady was incredibly nice, efficient and sincere.  She offered to ship out a replacement immediately.  I was sad at what happened, and at having to wait longer, but it was resolved, at least.  Or so I thought....The next morning, I casually checked my email, and was stunned to find 21 separate emails from Amazon thanking me for my order.  (Plus one from my bank, warning me of unusual activity on my card.)  Amazon was thanking me for ordering almost $300 worth of mp3s from my brand new kindle fire!!!So, obviously I didn't order the music, the low-life scum who stole my fire did.So, 3 days of hell, 2 calls to my bank, 1 in-person visit to my bank, 1 call to Amazon, 2 chat sessions with Amazon later, and at least one more call to the bank to go (because no, they can't do a darn thing about the charges until they finish posting to your account, authorized doesn't count) - I ask this question which every kindle owner should ask:HOW DID THIS HAPPEN??It happened because:a) The fire is shipped in a box that advertised on the outside of the box exactly what it is.  \"Hello, you, thief, please come steal me!\"b) Although mine was shipped UPS 2nd day (yes, I am a Prime member also), no signature was required.  I also kow other people who ordered fires, and they were shipped via smartpost (USPS).  Shouldn't something worth $200 at least require a signature?c) The fire was shipped pre-registered (already connected) to my account.  This means that the thief did not have to have any of my personal information.  He did not need to hack something or register anything - all he had to do was click 'buy' and my account was charged.  Did I ask Amazon to pre-register my fire or connect it to my account when I purchased it?  I most certainly did not.  Amazon sees fit to do this all on their own, without warning or option, unless you specifically say you are buying it as a gift.  So for anyone out there still waiting for their fire or kindle to be delivered, I strongly suggest you go de-register it until you physically have it in your hands.  (It only takes a minute to register it again.)d) And this is the really big one that doesn't stop with delivery issues:WHY IS NO PASSWORD REQUIRED TO MAKE PURCHASES FROM YOUR KINDLE??Just think for a minute.  Every purchase you make with your kindle or fire is charged to your default card.  There's no password, no sign-in, nothing.  So anyone who physically has a hold of your device has a direct line to your credit card.  Remember this if you lose it or it gets stolen, and you might want to be extra careful who you loan it to.Really, Amazon - how hard is it to make a password requirement for purchases?I was thinking of giving my fire to my daughter.  The fact that she could purchase anything she wants without a password (and therefore without any oversight) is making me think again.I return to the fact that I love my kindle.  I really do.  But this experience has opened my eyes to what is a HUGE security risk with these devices.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "FRAUD on the Fire!! Deregister yours before it ships!", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ADLVFFE4VBT8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "A. Dent \"Aragorn\"", "helpful": [2106, 2217], "reviewText": "I tried to make the first 2 sections as informative and as objective as possible, hoping that anyone not yet decided whether they want a Fire or not may find this at least marginally useful. The rest and the star rating should be heavily influenced by my own subjectivity and biases.PLAYING WITH FIRE (USABILITY)______________________________________________________[NOTE added on Aug. 1, 2012]Q: The Fire was released back in 2011. Should I buy this model today?A: No. The Fire was a great buy during the year it was launched and shortly thereafter but, as time went by, newer and better tablets became available and Amazon is likely to announce an updated and upgraded version before the end of the year. In the second half of 2012 tablets such as the  Nexus 7 matched the Fire's price and greatly surpassed it in features: faster CPU, better screen resolution, camera, Blue-tooth, GPS, microphone, open to the larger Android world and running the latest version of Android. The best course of action would be to hold on until Amazon announces its new model(s), then make an informed decision.______________________________________________________Q: Do I get free and unrestricted access the Web?A: Yes. The Silk, multi-tabbed browser allows access to just about anything on the Web.Q: Can I store songs, video, photos on the Fire?A: Yes. The Fire has about 5GB of physical storage space. In addition, Amazon offers 5GB of free 'cloud' online storage for non-Amazon media.Q: Is the 5GB of physical storage large enough for, let's say, 50 apps, 1000 songs, 1000 photos and 100 home videos?A: Yes, except for the home videos.Q: Does 'Kindle' indicate that this is a true reader, like the other Amazon Kindles?A: No. The Fire is a customized Android tablet with a backlit touchscreen. While it does come with a Kindle app accessed through the 'Books' tap on the home screen, the reading experience is similar to that from any other tablet.Q: Does the Fire make it easy to access Amazon content?A: Yes. The Fire was designed to facilitate that. You will have easy and immediate access to you Amazon-purchased books, music, video and apps and to their related stores so that you may purchase more.Q: Does the Fire make it easy to access non-Amazon content?A: No. You can transfer and retrieve/play non-DRM content directly into the Fire via an USB cable. Anything stored on Amazon's Cloud that's non Amazon-purchased shouldn't exceed 5GB or you will have to pay a fee for the additional storage.Q: If I have another Android tablet/phone, will I have all the already-purchased apps available on the Fire?A: Yes and No. YES for all the apps downloaded from Amazon's Appstore and NO for all others.Q: Are 'major' apps such as Netflix or Pandora preinstalled?A: No but they are easy, quick and free downloads from Amazon's Appstore.Q: Is the Amazon Appstore the default store for Android apps?A: Yes. And Amazon would like it to be the only store.Q: Do I have access to non-Amazon Android app stores?A: No. Or not unless you are prepared to engage in some serious tinkering. While you can install Amazon's Appstore on any Android tablet from Google's Marketplace, Amazon's Appstore does not carry a Google Marketplace app at the time I'm writing this.Q: Can I install apps from sources other than the Amazon's Appstore?A: Yes but it's not easy. A Fire setting will enable the installing of non-Amazon Appstore apps but, without access to third-party app stores, some skills are required.Q: Are there any Google apps available at the Appstore?A: Not at the time I'm writing this.Q: Is it easy to buy Amazon digital or non-digital merchandise through the Fire?A: Yes, it's very easy. Fire is built to facilitate that.Q: Is it possible to turn off 1-Click?A: Yes and No. 1-Click can be disabled for non-digital purchases but it can NOT be disabled for digital purchases.Q: Can I prevent my kids or anyone else from making purchases while using the Fire?A: You can password-protect access to the Fire itself but, once in, it's impossible to prevent 1-Click ordering of digital content.Q: Are there ANY restrictions I can set?A: You can disable in-app purchases or you can set parental controls with a PIN for in-app purchases if enabled. Post-patch, you can password-protect Wi-Fi.Q: Are 'parental controls' limited to requiring PINs for in-app purchases?A: Yes.Q: Is it possible to make any of my past digital purchases disappear from Fire's 'cloud'?A: No. (According to Amazon's Customer Service rep.)Q: Would Amazon allow me to 'return' digital items that I (or someone else using my Fire) ordered by mistake?A: I was told by a Customer Service person that there is a 7-day refund policy on digital items. Not tested by me.Q: Does the purchase come with any perks?A: Yes. You get one-month free Amazon Prime which translates in free 2-day shipping and access to Amazon's streaming video library.Q: Did the Dec. 20, 2011 patch address all parental control and unrestricted 1-Click issues?A: No. Password-protecting Wi-Fi access does not address these issues because it's an 'all or nothing', crude and ineffective answer to real concerns. Password-protecting Wi-Fi is not a solution to anyone who would like to allow access to most cloud content but restrict or block 1-Click purchases and access to certain categories of content.INTO THE FIRE (SPECS AND FEATURES)Q: Is the Fire display bright and sharp?A: Yes.Q: Is battery life on par with today's expectation?A: About 4 hours of battery life are a little bit less than what competition offers.Q: How does the Fire connect to the outside world?A: Fire is a Wi-Fi device. There is no 3G/4G. You can also connect and transfer connect from a PC/laptop via the USB port.Q: Can the Fire be charged from a laptop or a standard USB charger?A: Not very efficiently. The charger that comes with the Fire is rated 1.8A/5V. Generic USB chargers output a lot less than 1.8A.Q: Does the Fire have cameras?A: No.Q: Does the Fire have a microphone?A: No.Q: Does the Fire have a motion sensor?A: Yes.Q: Does the Fire come with GPS, compass, IR sensors?A: No.Q: Does the Fire have Bluetooth?A: No.Q: Does the Fire have an HDMI port?A: No.Q: Is there any way to pair a physical keyboard, speakers or some display device with the Fire?A: Not at the time I'm writing this.Q: What are the sound output options?A: Sound outputs through the speakers or through the headphones port.Q: Absent volume control buttons, is it possible to control volume through Fire's virtual controls from within an app?A: It depends on the app. Some apps do not allow it.Q: Is Fire's storage expandable through memory cards?A: No.Q: Is CPU performance adequate?A: Yes.KINDLING THE FIRE (my conclusions and rating)I found the Fire to be a good pick for anyone seeking a small, portable interface into the digital content world 'out there', especially but by no means limited to Amazon-provided content. However, for anyone who would like to share their Kindle, the Fire may be a little too hot to handle at this time, especially if you are sharing it with kids or if it's meant to be used by a kid. Please read my note at the bottom of this review for the details. I also listed Fire's other issues with the hope that I may be able to help anyone not sure whether the Fire is indeed what they want.After several months of me and my daughter playing with the Fire I can say that I am generally pleased with my purchase. I will be thrilled once Amazon addresses at least the huge problem having to do with parental controls over Fire-made purchases. I also hope that Amazon open the Fire a little bit more to non-Amazon content sources and... please... I want my Gmail app.The Fire is Okay because it's an inexpensive, easy to use, capable, not fully locked tablet. It makes it easy to buy and 'consume' all kinds DRMed of media, especially that which is stored in Amazon's cloud (free for all Amazon purchases) and I had little difficulty adding my own DRM-free content. The Fire is not a replacement for PCs or laptops but no tablets are. I don't miss an outward looking camera because there are much better alternatives to taking pics with a tablet but a little cam looking at user's face and a mic (video calls) would add significant value to a good product. Then, of course, there are the issues I listed above.I'm going to grant the Fire 3 stars at this time. Three stars mean \"It's Okay.\" My rating could and should improve once Amazon addresses some of the issues I listed above.______________________________________________________NOTE on 1-CLICK PURCHASES (playing with FIRE revisited)It is currently impossible to turn off 1-Click purchases of most media on the Fire. This is quite an issue for anyone who has kids, especially if the user happens to be the kid. The way the Fire is currently set up you are going to get your song or your movie or your book almost the instant you touch them while browsing through the store. This may be okay when you are using a laptop because you can set multiple accounts and make sure that only those authorized can order things but the Fire can be easily shared and I'm not aware of a way that would allow both multiple accounts and the ability to access the purchased media at the same time.To make the story short, it is possible to set some controls but at the App Store only but it's only for in-app purchases. The other media stores: music, movies, books do not allow for any restrictions such as asking for a password or PIN before completing a purchase transaction. The Customer Support person I discussed this verified that this is indeed the case and she promised to forward my feedback to the higher ups. Until then, I am and I will continue to be very concerned. Not that our daughter would knowingly buy the entire Amazon movie library without my permission but that, possibly, one of her friends would do that without being fully aware of what she is doing. Amazon MUST address this or sell the Fire as an 'adults only' product.-->> Brush your teeth, it's the law! &lt;&lt;", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Fire - the FAQ", "unixReviewTime": 1321228800, "reviewTime": "11 14, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2U2J7MDEF572G", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "J. schmid \"blueapples\"", "helpful": [1603, 1968], "reviewText": "(for the record, we have not returned it yet, but I think we probably will, it's her call)We received the Fire on the 16th.  Luckily it was a 'gift' so it wasn't pre-registered.I bought this as a gift for my girlfriend who is a former PC, and now a happy Mac user.  The hype all lead me to believe that this was going to be kind of a cool in-between device between her laptop and her iphone4S. Not at all.  This device feels like something from around 2004. If this was 2004, it would seem really cool.  but it's not.  Here's my list of complaints and observations so far:* power button is in a TERRIBLE spot - the bottom.  we have both accidentally hit the button more than once. But wait - can't you just rotate the device around that the screen will re-orient so the button is on the top?  No.  Oddly, and frustratingly, some apps, will, some won't.  That should be baked into the OS, not dependent on the App!* It gets hot. uncomfortably hot, and only after 20 minutes of use.  and it only gets hot in the bottom portion - where more than likely you are HOLDING it, oh yeah, and accidentally hitting the power button.* touch screen is inaccurate. If you hold the device at an angle in the sun, you can clearly see the spacing of the touch sensors, and then you will know why the touch screen is so dodgy.  they really cheaped out on this with very few sensors.  I get why, for the price point, but with so many apple devices out there, that's GOT TO BE considered the standard now - the iphone Edge came out YEARS ago, no being able to measure up to that is just not gonna cut it.  The credit card signing pad at the grocery store has better accuracy than this.* scrolling is jittery, stutters, and un-even.  So everything has to have scrolling nowadays, but it's a fail on the Fire.  It actually hurts my eyes to try to watch the screen as it scrolls, it stutters and jitters in a very unpleasant way, I can only describe it as a strobe effect.* screen does not dim enough.  come on Amazon - it's a KINDLE!  I'm guessing that more than 1/2 of all kindle users read in bed!  in a DARK BEDROOM.  even at the lowest setting, the Fire is obnoxiously bright for nighttime reading in bed, and not useable as a reader in that scenario.* not a good Ereader, in general.  The Fire screen doesn't even compare to a Kindle Eink screen.  period.* No lock.  seriously.  there no way to password protect the device.  You leave it in a cab, on the subway, a bus, restaurant, where ever, and whoever picks it up instantly has access to your amazon account, and can happily start making charges, not to mention, if you've got email set up on it, all the security risk potential there.  This, in my opinion, is the second most glaring and epic FAIL of the Fire.  Because it would have been SO EASY to have fixed this when they developed the software. (see below for the worst of all)* Multi-touch?  there's ONE multi-touch gesture.  that's it. zoom. and it doesn't work in a lot of places you'd expect it to.  Basic places.  Like Google maps. Seriously?  Isn't this thing running on an OS created BY GOOGLE?!? But no, you have to use the little + and - buttons for zooming.* Browser.  completely fails to live up the the hype Amazon gave it (I watched ALL the demo videos and pre-release reviews I cold get my hands on).  My iPhone is faster on the same wi-fi connection.  But worse that the speed, the browser isn't even full screen.(the top and bottom go unused.  I'm sorry but when you only have a 7\" screen, every little bit makes a big difference.* the 'carousel' GUI.  (graphic user interface).  Okay, this is the big one.  First off, as every other 1 star review has mentioned, there's zero privacy.  When you turn it on, you are faced with a gigantic display of recent activity, on a virtual 'shelf'.  Giant and often poorly rendered icons of WHATEVER 6-10 things you happened to have been doing last on the Fire are there for all the world to see. But what's even worse is this:  YOU CANNOT CHANGE IT.  you can't delete stuff from there, you can't re-arrange stuff in there.  it's just there.  and WAY TOO BIG.  how about a home screen you can customize?  Amazon will tell you that you can use 'favorites'.  But no.  favorites only stack up in whatever order you put them in there - you can't arrange that either.  It really boggles the mind.  what were they thinking?That's all for now.  Hope this helps.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Total disappointment", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1OQ1HG1JPAG6P", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [79, 1913], "reviewText": "So.. I placed my pre-order on 10/3 AND I'm a prime member, my sister in law pre-ordered hers on 10/20 and she is not a prime member. She received an email this morning at 11:13 saying that hers has already been shipped and would receive hers tomorrow. Mine is still showing as shipping soon. I just 'chatted' with Amazon and was advised not to worry that mine will be shipped soon with a delivery time frame between 11/16 and 11/21. my question was never answered on why someone who pre-ordered almost two weeks after I did had already had hers shipped. Especially since on the kindle page it says **Order now. Orders are prioritized on a first come, first served basis. U.S. only** apparently that really isnt the case! I have never had a problem with amazon before but I have to say this does upset me!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "disappointed in shipping", "unixReviewTime": 1321228800, "reviewTime": "11 14, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1J6IALJTCGAWL", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [60, 1831], "reviewText": "Just got notice that should receive my Kindle on or about the 27th while stores will have it for sale on the 15th. should have waited and not preordered.  Would assume that if you preorder you would get it sooner not later than walking into a store .  Next time I'll just buy it at Best Buy.  Amazon, you blew it", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "should have waited to buy at brick n mortor", "unixReviewTime": 1321228800, "reviewTime": "11 14, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1O4P7VAM9FD9R", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Phil E.", "helpful": [1478, 1788], "reviewText": "CHECK THE BOOKS IN YOUR DIGITAL LIBRARY FOR COMPATIBILITY BEFORE PURCHASING A KINDLE FIRE!!!!!!!!!!  My Kindle Fire arrived today and I was anxious to continue reading books previously purchased for my Kindle 2.  To my surprise, when I try to open a number of the kindle books on the Kindle Fire that I had begun reading on my Kindle 2, I was presented with a message \"THIS ITEM IS NOT AVAILABLE FOR THIS DEVICE TYPE\".  Should a Kindle book not be able to be read on a Kindle?  I can read all the books in my library on my Kindle 2.  After paying $16.99 for a Kindle Book (11/23/63 by Stephen King) and $199 for a Kindle Fire, I cannot read the book on this device.  Is this not ridiculous?  Kindle Fire being returned tomorrow.Added note: I can view the Kindle book on an iPad and an Android phone, but not on a Kindle Fire.  Does that make sense?", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Does not open previously purchased Kindle Books.", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A29EEO7QC0V8KP", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Dan", "helpful": [1452, 1685], "reviewText": "The idea seemed like a good one, an inexpensive tablet that delivered all kinds of media content, and in a small lightweight device...cheaper and more portable than the Ipad (which I also own) and based on the Android operating system (which I've used on phones and tablets.)The reality is this thing has some very serious problems, which should be able to be fixed in firmware, and some hardware limitations, that might get a little better, but put it squarely behind it's main competition, the Barnes and Noble Nook.Likes:Brilliant IPS screen, like the one on the Ipad.Nice simple interface.Amazon prime content, lots of free movies and TV shows for less than a Netflix subscription ($80 per year.)Very good battery life including excellent sleep life (a problem with previous Android devices.)Very clean looking design.Just OK:Speakers could be and are too easy to cover/muffle with hand.Cheap charger with mini-USB integrated instead of separate USB charger and cable.Dislikes/problems:Lack of a hard buttons make navigation cumbersome.  The device should have a dedicated back button and a dedicated volume rocker (which the Ipad and Nook have)Lack of purchase password protection means anyone using the device and start ordering stuff with your account (which the Ipad and Nook have.)Lack of privacy means anyone picking up the device is greeted with a screen showing exactly what you were doing.Off switch is located in a very unfortunate place...very frustrating to keep turning the device off when watching a Netflix movie.Screen is too shiny.  It has more glare than the Ipad or Nook.Browser real estate is very limited by menu bars on the top and bottom.  (Nook hides bars.)Browser stumbles on some websites and is sometimes painfully slow.Touch screen can be frustratingly unresponsive.  This is exacerbated by slow browser response.  Sometimes I have to look to see if it is doing anything...then poke at it again...and again.I bought this device to enjoy Amazon content (like movies and books) AND to use as a quick portable web browser, and for other content (like Netflix.)It works pretty good for the Amazon content, with a few issues; the overly shiny screen and the poorly placed power switch.  As a web browser, it works worse than the browser on my EVO Android phone.  It's built in Silk browser (you can't download replacements) is slow on some websites and plain doesn't work on others and the menu bars hide too much of the page content.  On top of that, Amazon built limitations into this device, that makes it less functional than other Android Gingerbread devices, like limited multi-touch commands.From a hardware standpoint, Amazon might have skimped a little too much.  The Nook, with twice the memory, feels much faster and more responsive.  The lack of hard buttons handicaps the device making simple things, like changing the volume, a button pressing, menu wading annoyance.  This annoyance is made worse, by the unresponsiveness of the device to presses.  I'm not sure if the device isn't as responsive as it should be because of the hardware, or the Amazon interface.  I hope, for the sake of people who keep theirs, it is something Amazon can improve with firmware revisions.  I miss the mic.  It is useful on all kinds of Android applications, including speech to text applications and translators.The biggest showstopper issue I have with the device, though, is the total lack of security and privacy.  Here is a device with no other security or protection other than a screen lock password.  Hand this device to a friend and they get to see everything you've been doing with it.  Hand it to your child and they can order thousands of dollars worth of content.  God forbid this thing gets intercepted in the mail on the way to your house, as Amazon set it up with your account already active.Another limitation is video content can only be stored on the device's limited internal storage, or downloaded from Amazon's cloud content.  You can't upload your own video content to the cloud and view it on the device.The day after receiving this device I stopped by a Barnes and Noble and picked up a Nook tablet.  The Nook tablet is not as \"pretty\" as the Fire.  I was skeptical...expecting something limited like the Kindle, but much to my surprise and delight, the Nook is everything I had hoped the Kindle Fire would be.  It's screen is more responsive and has some kind of anti-glare coating that makes it much more readable.  Taps work.  Double tap zooms in the browser, like it does in all other Android browsers (other than Amazon's Silk browser.)  Websites rendered properly.  Despite only being a tiny bit lighter, the Nook feels much lighter...perhaps it is the wider thinner bezel or the weight distribution, but it is more comfortable and secure to hold in one hand.  The Nook has a dedicated home button, and a dedicated volume rocker...much nicer.  The Nook has a mic.  Even Netflix looks sharper...like it is being delivered at a higher bit rate.  I also learned Nook offers free wifi in stores and free book loans and one can lend books to other Nooks.Bottom line:  Anyone not devoted to Amazon content, should consider the Nook reader as a real alternative.  It is definitely worth the $50 difference ($25 if you buy a B&N; membership.)  I'm returning my Kindle and waiting for version 2.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Serious problems, mostly software, but could use better hardware too.", "unixReviewTime": 1322438400, "reviewTime": "11 28, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AEAENYEK5BV6N", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [49, 1616], "reviewText": "I am VERY disapointed to hear BEST BUY will have the Fire on sale tomorrow! How about shipping ours first!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Susan P.", "unixReviewTime": 1321228800, "reviewTime": "11 14, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A39YLMYAIRWQI2", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [77, 1570], "reviewText": "Pros: Cheap, small, easy to use Mediocre Touchpad, may be good for kids.Cons : No Camera, I really think a camera could make it a competitive device.The integration of a camera in touchpad helps the better use of social media apps. Its all about ease and experience on the tablet. I guess you can use a different camera tranfer pictures and videos to cloud drive and use it... but its painful and not a good experienceYou would see yourself looking for better touch device in few months.It's better to buy HP Touchpad instead for $240.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Mediocre device, no camera Better off buying HP Touchpad", "unixReviewTime": 1321228800, "reviewTime": "11 14, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1BV6NR2FA0X3Y", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Learn Richly \"Learn Richly dot com\"", "helpful": [1302, 1375], "reviewText": "SHORT SUMMARY: WHO SHOULD BUY A KINDLE FIRE=============================================The Fire is an all-around excellent device, especially for the price.DO BUY IT, without hesitation, if you want to consume media by yourself or with one other person (max). For example, if you read books and other Kindle content, surf the web, look at photos and want to watch Amazon Instant Videos (Movies & TV) or web-based video sites, then the Kindle will serve your needs well.DON'T buy it if you consume as a group or want to do any creation other than the occasional social media post. Watching movies with many other people is hard (7\" isn't that big), and the lack of keyboard options, Bluetooth, etc., makes this a very focused device that creators will soon tire of. Doing anything with maps is difficult or impossible, as are all the nifty apps that require a camera, so if those limitations are a deal-breaker then look at a Samsung Galaxy Tab (to stay small) or iPad (big and expensive).OVERALL STRENGTHS====================+ The IPS screen is nothing short of fabulous. I've spent several hours staring at it now and am still amazed. It makes my friend's iPad 2 look grainy. Using this as a high-end photo frame on your desk is actually tempting because the colors are so rich. The screen is very close to 16:9 (15.36:9) and fits movies much better than a 4:3 iPad screen, which negates much of the 2.7\" screen size difference between the two (but the reverse is true for old videos that are not widescreen). Overall, the video experience is good enough that you soon become immersed in the movie and you forget about the medium. Plus, since it's so small, you can carry with you more often.+ The overall feel and construction is super-solid. The rubber/silicone backing gives such peace-of-mind; at this price, I don't plan on buying a case for mine in the foreseeable future.+ Compact size. It's about the size of a \"steno\" pad. You can throw it in your backpack, purse, or coat pocket. Overall the Fire is a great balance between usability and portability--much more screen space than a smartphone (at about the same price) but lacking only one typical phone storage option: in your front pocket.+ Simplicity and UI polish of the overall experience is tight. I wouldn't hesitate to give this device to a total tablet novice. This is a great gift idea for even the most technologically-challenged individual.+ Speed is perfectly adequate for anything I've had to throw at it. I've tried at least half a dozen games now and they are buttery smooth. The crisp display and saturated colors make it such a joy to re-examine all my old apps.+ The email client is slick! I have used apps like TouchDown and want to cry because they are so ugly and complicated. Not so with the Fire! Even though this is not a \"creator\" device, I am glad that they didn't skimp on a full-featured email client that actually looks nice.+ Silk web browser! Side by side on the same wi-fi connection vs. my dual-core Android phone, the web browser doesn't seem that much faster. HOWEVER--they were both *very* fast! Keep in mind two things: 1) Silk is taking away bottlenecks, but if your existing wi-fi connection is already super-fast (i.e. no bottleneck), you won't notice the difference. 2) The \"cloud\" improvements will only begin to work when there is a large group of Kindle users who are sending data to Amazon so that they can start proactively caching. It should get faster and faster as more people start using it, so don't feel bad if you're not seeing any speed change out of the box.+ Content, content, content. What sold it for me was the new Kindle Owner's Lending Library. For my $79 Prime subscription I'm getting access to a ton of shows that were are least partially available elsewhere, but no one else is giving away a book a month. I've seen at least a dozen titles I want to read, so my schedule is \"booked\" (sorry, couldn't resist) for a year solid. I was already a Prime member, but had never purchased a eInk Kindle because, so now I will have a \"Kindle Device\" that will qualify me to read a free book a month.OVERALL WEAKNESSES====================-No GPS or Google Maps is a disappointment. I wanted this thing to be a huge GPS to take in the car, but without a GPS chip that can't happen.-No Bluetooth limits its use as a creation device. The $30 Bluetooth keyboard I use for my Android phone is useless for the Fire. Please, someone, make a MicroUSB keyboard that works easily with the Fire or point me to one that already works with the Fire and I'll update this section (I couldn't find any on Amazon).-Lack of hardware buttons was at first a turn-off, but after the tenth time of accidentally hitting the home button playing a game on my Android phone, I now appreciate this minimalist approach taken by the Fire. There's the power-button that you may occasionally bump by accident, but you just need to turn the whole thing upside down and the power button is then at the top--problem solved. The remaining complaint is the missing volume button, but I can also understand the reasons behind that. The original iPod touch lacked volume buttons, but they eventually included hardware controls on subsequent devices.-Content Lock-in. This is the flip-side of the coin for having so much Amazon content. Since there's no HDMI, any movies you buy are going to be stuck on the device unless your TV also supports Amazon Instant Video streaming. I think the strength of selection outweighs this, but it's something to keep in mind!-(Minor) Does not play WMV files. My Android phone does this--why is this codec missing?-Battery life--The specified battery life is really a best-case: you'll want to charge this device at least every other night. It's terrible compared to an iPad 2 and great compared to a typical dual-core phone. It remains to be seen if the competition from the large bricks and mortar book store's new tablet is any better, but on paper they say theirs is longer.CREATIVE USES FOR THE FIRE==========================+ Fitness. Use your new Fire as an indoors exercise companion for treadmills, stationary bikes, elliptical machines, etc. Make yourself a commitment to not watch TV until you've worked-out first (while watching/listening/reading on the Fire, of course). It's the perfect size to strap-on or permanently adhere to your home fitness apparatus. This device and a Prime membership is about the same cost as two months for a personal trainer.+ Schools and home schools. With the number of education apps out there (and ease of development), expect the Kindle Fire to become THE device for kids to use in their studies. This device, in 2011 dollars, is about the same price as my fancy graphing calculator in high school during the early 90s, so we can only guess what kinds of cool education-centric applications will come from this new class of gizmo. For parents, see a variety of great sites (like mine, Learn Richly) that make it easier to evaluate very fun products that make learning a breeze!+ Small business elegance. What if your customers in the waiting room were each given Kindle Fires instead of magazines? How about giving your next sales pitch or presentation as an interactive HTML5 web page that allows your client to engage with the content even as you're explaining it? This also becomes the perfect Kiosk device because it's so open, inexpensive and ubiquitous.+ Lists and reference. Putting a $700 iPad in your shopping cart while you check of grocery items makes me nervous, but somehow I'd feel safe doing that with my rugged-feeling grippy-backed Fire. Use it around the house for the kids' chore chart or as a \"dedicated\" to-do list while at work (what good is the task list in Outlook if I never look at it?)--this price point makes all sorts of things feasible, and especially if you buy multiple devices to establish a community of users in your office or home.APPS INCLUDED & MISSING w/SUBSTITUTE SUGGESTIONS=================================================Built-in you will find already downloaded:+ Kindle Reader App (with more layout options, such as line spacing and margins, than the current phone Android Kindle app)+ Amazon shopping app+ Integrated Music, Video and Web browsing (Silk)+ \"Docs\" tab that takes documents you email to your @kindle email address and puts them in Kindle format+ Audible audio books app (Amazon subsidiary)+ IMDB (internet movie database) app for information about movies, actors, etc. (Amazon subsidiary)+ Contacts app (looks like standard Android with Fire skin)--will sync with GMail contacts and probably others+ Email app with built-in support for Gmail, Yahoo, Hotmail, AOL and \"other\", i.e. POP for my ISP worked (not sure about IMAP). Attention:  NO MS EXCHANGE/OUTLOOK :(+ QuickOffice, which is a *viewer* for PowerPoint, Excel and Word--no editing at all+ Gallery app for photos--looks like you'll need a MicroUSB cable and a computer to do much with it, though+ Help & Feedback+ Facebook--seems to be a link to the mobile site+ Pulse--good, possibly great, news aggregator/reader+ Other various popular apps/games that are links (but not already downloaded)--may be trials or ad-supported and you can get them from the AppStore anyway. Thanks for not installing them Amazon! This device is refreshingly free of \"bloatware\"Missing:- Task list & Memo / note- taking--I recommend ColorNote Notepad Notes that has both of these functions- Alarm clock--I recommend Alarm Clock Xtreme Free- Calendar--too many choices to recommend a replacement, but you'll probably get one with a paid Exchange email client- Calculator--I recommend Calculator Ultimate Lite- Weather--AccuWeather for Android or My-Cast Weather Lite both get good reviewsAnything else I've missed? Comments welcome, thanks!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "A great device and an excellent value", "unixReviewTime": 1321228800, "reviewTime": "11 14, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A26EDIDX0673F9", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Paul Williams", "helpful": [1129, 1367], "reviewText": "Two Fire's here yesterday. Two on their way back today.I posted a review earlier and want to update.So I got hooked in on this product right away. I upgraded my cloud storage to the 20 gig plan and got unlimited music space also. Already had a prime account. I realized that it didn't have a lot of on board memory. But everything was going to be in the \"cloud\" so I wasn't too worried. So uploaded a bunch of home movies and music videos I had to the cloud. We all like to watch different stuff at the same time at my house so this was going to be a great little device to do that with. I have Hulu and Netflix accounts but like to watch my own stuff too. So the first thing I did upon arrival was fire it up and see how my videos look. Well to my surprise they don't let you watch you own content. The music worked. But no videos. There is another way to get to your cloud. You can see the directories. If you click the music works and the picture works. But videos do not. I know the movie files are in the right format because they work fine in the web based cloud player. So I called CS because I really didn't think this was right. I figured I had something wrong. But sure enough. They told me that playing videos on the Fire from the cloud is not supported. Only videos that were purchased or rented from Amazon would work. Sorry but this was a deal breaker for me.Yes I could put the movie directly on the device. But with only 6 gigs of useable memory It would fill up very quickly. Not to mention. No USB cable either. And it's a micro USB. Not nearly as common.One more strange thing. When I first turned it on. It knew who I was. I never had to log in. It looked like it was preloaded with my profile too. Good thing it came to the right house or I would be closing some credit card today.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Content in the Cloud. Forget it.", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1FSOB6LR8ZVPJ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [362, 1134], "reviewText": "I just read every review and comment posted on the 1 star ratings . . . these are not reviews!  They are either bashing shipping problems, customer service and/or comparing the Fire to other tablets that are not even within the same realm.  Please, for the love of God, complain about customer service via the proper avenue -- not on a comment board.  Furthermore, the Fire was not designed to be an iPad killer and/or Android tablet.  It is a product designed for the end-user to take advantage of Amazons services.  These reviews should be purged from the system.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "These Reviews Have no Relevance to the Product", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3N9RO5QKIDNH3", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [135, 1098], "reviewText": "Do not be swept up with the kindle fire hype. There are better devices out there for the last year that the kindle fire is clearly copying. Have you looked at the Barnes and Noble Color Nook that has double the storage with an additional storage slot? The Color Nook has been available for a year and has had amazing upgrades, and is now just $199, the Barnes and Noble tablet is just $50 more and soo much more amazing then the kindle fire. Do you know why you can borrow books on a kindle fire, for a $79  yearly fee of course, because the nook always let you do that, and it they are copying the feature.Here are a few thoughts from [...]\"While both should offer more than enough storage for 99% of customers, those who like to download every app in existence and store tons of movies will be better off with the Nook Tablet. It offers twice the internal storage, plus it has an SD card slot that can utilize up to 32GB of external memory. The Fire has no SD slot.This isn't likely to be a huge category for most people, but it is worth noting that the Nook Tablet has a built-in microphone, while the Kindle Fire doesn't.B&N; allows for some recording narration for children's books, so if you're one who would use that niche feature, then you'll likely want the Nook.At this point, the biggest miscellaneous perk that the Nook Tablet will bring is Hulu Plus.\"The bottom line, is look at the fire, opps you cannot actually handle it, but try to compare it to the color nook, then look at the nook tablet and see if you want a better item then the kindle fire.Follow up - I have nothing to do with B&N.; I believe the point of the comments is to offer all sorts of reviews, not just positive glows to praise the company or product.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Buy a better color eReader elsewhere", "unixReviewTime": 1321228800, "reviewTime": "11 14, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AOJZW1A2KM1JV", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [17, 1007], "reviewText": "I am a bit confused as to why the cover of Bon Appetit is on every single advertisement of the Kindle Fire yet I haven't yet been able to find a digital version of this magazine anywhere.  Not on the iPad, not on the nook...  and haven't located within the Kindle site.  I'd LOVE for someone show me where you can actually get this digital magazine?", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Bon Appetit", "unixReviewTime": 1321228800, "reviewTime": "11 14, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2JIVAIESHA6U8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Jeffrey Kemmerer", "helpful": [810, 995], "reviewText": "This is my third Kindle.After two days of mostly frustrating revelations, I am sending it back. I travel internationally quite a bit and want to be able to load video content to view offline (planes, hotels w/o wifi, etc.)as well as have a handy ebook reader. I am stymied at almost every turn.1. Fire can only view Amazon video content, not my (awkwardly) downloaded MP4 files.2. Content can only be purchased while in US. Reportedly I cannot choose and download a movie while in another country.2. Prime videos can only be streamed -- not available for offline viewing -- unless I buy it.3. Videos cannot be downloaded from Amazon Cloud to Fire -- only Music4. Connecting to wifi networks that requires signon has been troublesome - with older Kindle, no problem. Amazingly enough, only Google site can accessed from some sites.5. Anyone who has my Fire has unlimied access to my Amazon account and there is nothing I can do to prevent it.6. Ebooks can be downloaded, and the reader seems OK, I like the E ink better7. Reportedly \"fast\" web browser is disappointingly slow8. Navagation is awkward and non-intuitive9. No way to delete or order things on the bookshelf UI.... the list goes on.Off to UPS store to return Fire, and then to the Apple Store for an Ipad.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "I really wanted to like it - but it is not for me", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2T90EISKCWYXT", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [18, 957], "reviewText": "How very interesting that the Fire, which Amazon said it would make available on Nov. 15, has managed to fall into the hands of 24,000 \"buyers\" (considering that fewer than 1/1000 people ever review what they purchase on Amazon). A pox upon Amazon's house. I'm canceling my order for 2 Fires, submitted on the date of announcement yet estimated now not to be shipped until November 17.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Amazon Fire - Shipping date 11/15/2011", "unixReviewTime": 1321228800, "reviewTime": "11 14, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3DR4QP0KJ0MNT", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [33, 907], "reviewText": "Before I buy this I need upgrades: 1 or 2 GB Ram vs. 512MB; Storage space 16 GB and SD Slot, vs 8 GB with no slot (Nook already offers this).  Also a microphone and camera would be AWESOME....Thank you!", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Before I buy......", "unixReviewTime": 1321228800, "reviewTime": "11 14, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1NAWXAN1RF02D", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [12, 782], "reviewText": "amazon need to stick to selling products not tablets this is a ipad wanna be but the key is its no way near.I would buy this for my 3 year old not 4 my self, hp touchpad is better.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "amazon need to stick to selling", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3P7XUW22VA8S1", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Rome", "helpful": [586, 712], "reviewText": "I preordered my Kindle Fire as so many other had. I received it on Wednesday, November 16th, and will be sending it back on the 21st!  I recieved the Kindle expecting to be able to instantly use it as I did my daughter's Kindle last year.  I did as it asked and finally got it to connect to my wifi (after a few tries).  It already said it was registered to me, so I didn't have to go through the registration steps.  However, when I tried to look at the user's guide which comes on the kindle (no, you do not get a paper copy), it said \"This application is not registered. Please try again.\" Why would they not send a users guide you can look at while you are trying to learn the device????  Anyway, I could not get any applications to work.I finally decided to call customer service after hours of trying to get it to work.  I even tried to register it online.  I got a customer service rep, told them what was not happening, and they decided I needed a \"Kindle Fire specialist\".  The first rep was nice and tried to walk me through some trouble shooting, and then had me look to see what OS version it was running.  It comes with 6.0, but apparently they already have a 6.1 upgrade.  She had me upgrade the OS as she said she found the problem to be an OS problem.  She told me the Fire had to be 100% charged before I could upgrade the system, so she gave me instructions on how to upgrade it and then to deregister and then re-register the kindle when the upgrade was complete and if I had any problems after that to call back.  Well it took a couple of hours for the kindle to get to 100%, but when it did, I followed her instructions and upgraded the device and re-registered it.  Still the same errors.  By that time my husband was home.  I decided to let him talk to the customer service rep this time since he is more technically savy than I am.  We called back and had to explain AGAIN what was going on with the Kindle.  Got another \"spcialist\" (tec2) who had my husband take it back to factory default, which the kindle didn't do, and then deregister and re-register (again).  My husband talked to him for hours with no resolve.  The only thing the kindle would do is get on the internet. The tech told my husband he would call back the next day (Thursday) around 4.  He also said that if the situation wasn't resolved in 48 hours they would replace my Kindle.  Well, 4pm came and went and still no call.  My husband finally called back and got another \"specialist\" (tech3).  Around 7pm tech2 finally called back.Tech3 told my husband to do the same things the others did. He finally said that he would, \"I need to look into the problem with setting up or registering Kindle fire, and it'll take a bit more time than usual.I just wanted to let you know I'll write back in 2-3 business days with more information.I have your telephone number and the preferred time you want me to call you, so I will get in touch as soon as I have the log from our developers or engineers on how to fix this.\" This must be scripted, because that is what was told to us, but I found this quote on another dissatisfied customers review.Tech2 called me back last night(Saturday) and left a message to deregister and reregister the Kindle again, and to call him if there were any problems.  Well, I did that, and called back the number he called me from, but kept getting \"call cannot be completed, please try again.\"  When a tech calls you and leaves a message to call them back, they do not leave a call back number.  I called the customer support line again and asked for him by name, and they told me that they could not guarrantee that I would get the same tech every time and that they were not sure who he was.  My husband works in a call center and he knows that they should keep logs of calls and should be able to get you to who you want.  Well, when tech3 looked at our case the other day, there were no notes or logs of tech2 having even talked to us. So in comes tech4.My husband made it a point for tech3 to email us his name and case number so we can have something to reference. I told tech4 to look up the case number so she would know what was done.  Well, that did a lot of good.....she had us do the exact same things the others did!!!  By this time I was so frustrated.  We finally told them we were tired of the run around and wanted a replacement.  Well that is fine, but they won't just send you a replacement. They have to expore all options.  I finally got so tired of it I just told them I wanted my money back.  I ordered a cover for it and the extended warranty, and now I have to go through the trouble of getting my money back on those things as well.I have dealt with Amazon for years, and never had a problem.  I think they need to have their techs trained in a product before it comes out.  They kept telling us there were others with the same issues as ours.Hope this helps!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Very Dissapointed with Kindle Fire and Customer Service, you wont get the same tech twice!", "unixReviewTime": 1321747200, "reviewTime": "11 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3O295GGT6RF6F", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Scott Hardin", "helpful": [551, 685], "reviewText": "I don't normally write reviews, but I feel I have to share my experience with the kindle fire.1) The browser is EXTRAORDINARILY SLOW.  With or without Amazon preloading. Its painfully slow.  After a few hours, I just went back to browsing on my HTC EVO phone. I wasn't expecting lighting fast speeds but 10-12 seconds to load boingboing.net or lifehacker.com is unacceptable.2) There is no text to speech included like there is on the tradition Kindle devices.3) The screen resolution makes reading books difficult on my eyes.4) Many standard Android applications are not available on the Amazon market.5) Privacy: Anything you use or look at will show up on the home carousel.  If more than one person uses this device, it could be embarrassing.6) The lack of volume buttons is a PAIN in the You Know What!  While trying to watch a streaming video and navigated to the hidden volume menu, it is extraordinarily easy to accidentally exit the video.7) The browser lacks a full screen functionality, which is a must if you have a smaller 7\" screen.I'll be returning this item.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Very Disappointed", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1AUGTGQQVRHOO", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [23, 553], "reviewText": "Two Kindle Fires arrived today , one day early!  And they Rock! This is a must have Christmas gift for family and friends!First:  This is a great tablet for the money...and a great product. Movies look great, shopping is very enjoyable and easy. The display is great, sound quality is pretty good, the browser and WIFI are good... what's not to like?I don't have to have GPS, SD card, HDMI out, or 3G/4G... so I feel that Amazon gave me more than my money's worth for $199 !~I think that lots of apps will come out for Kindle and most of us will be able to do a great deal of most of what matters in term of being productive , in communication or entertained.We may have to find a few tricks to solve certain things or find new ways to adapt a little here and there... but this is a winner!What about comparisons to iPad2 or Toshiba Thrive? I think it compares very well! This is a great size and form factor, nice build quality and incredible value! Amazon used very good judgement and delivered a truly great product.The size , weight, look and feel are just right!I've read many pre-release articles on the Kindle Fire and Amazon deserves credit for a very clever and affordable approach.We have a loaded iPad2 and a 32GB Toshiba Thrive... so I can do some comparisons and will update this review as our family gets some time on the Kindle Fire.Price,content and Amazon's support of this product sure make a lot of sense! Look for an update this week. I received confirmation the Kindle Fire shipped by Fedex, so I started preparing.So here's the first part of the review:The online instructions are lacking detail...they are adequate but not very detailed. Then the information about the Free Lending Library  and whether other family members can use the second Kindle Fire on our Amazon Prime account is confusing, but it appears to be a possible area of frustration.I know that HDMI is not included... so we will see if the lack of HDMI, SD Card, GPS,  or other features like on our Thrive really matters.And, it is not clear if there are any upgrade options, but not looking good.So the first area of criticism is that Amazon's :  \"Get ready: Kindle Fire is on the way\"  ... email does not really lead to much useful information on getting started. And Amazon already wasted a chance to add excitement to a new purchase.  As a customer, they missed a chance to help me further enjoy the new purchase experience. If I was a stockholder in Amazon...I'd be more disappointed.I did find an owners manual online in another review... not much content there either.So like most tech gadgets, I'll probably learn by using and reading forums etc.----Package arrived today.. simple low cost, but well designed packaging. Not much instruction included...but it is not needed. Just plug in and go! After using Droid phones everything is incredibly easy and obvious.Kindles knew me [probably since I have Prime account] , connected to the internet instantly and updated automatically. Each Kindle labeled itself by my name as my Kindle and my 2nd Kindle.Screen looks fantastic. Interface is easy and intuitive, good response...but not incredible. Web browser is also good and is expected to get faster over time.Keyboard is good and I like the interface and the text prediction options.Free Prime movies worked perfectly and look fantastic. The built in speakers are acceptable, and SkullCandy headphones from my Droid and iPhone sound very good.Shopping on Amazon works perfectly as expected!Downloaded free app and paid $0.99 for Angry Birds... The game looks great and the Fire is a great size.Gmail works well in Kindle's email system... but downloading a true Gmail Android app will take some forum help .. or a new Kindle Fire specific app from GoogleNetflix already has a new Kindle Fire app , I downloaded it and it works wellSugarsync I haven't figured out.. but Box is an option.Next step is to try Sugarsync, Dropbox, Bump, and Googgle Docx, and the Docs2Go functions and see what works.... and download media for viewing on airplanes and in cars.Sugarsync does work if I log on to sugarsync.com and log in and I can retrieve the documents and photos.... and I haven't even tried Amzon's Cloud Drive.I downloaded EverNote, Pandora, NetFlix...and I'm sure that either 3rd party apps, tech tricks , or new Kindle Fire apps will increase the Fire's capabilities rapidly.And with my Verizon 4G Hot Spot, I won't miss having another $20 to $80 monthly data plan...Another interesting feature is downloading app to both Kindle Fire's on the Amazon site ... I used my laptop. Later I went to APPs in the Cloud on the Kindle and the apps were waiting for a very easy and painless download. Cloud Drive may be another truly great feature.Is this the perfect balance of features, performance, and price?  I don't know yet...at them moment Kindle Fire make a great impression. No 'I thought it would be better' buyers remorse. I am very happy with this purchase! 5 Stars rating is well deserved.---Minor CONSGmail works with Amazon's email option  but not the same level of functionality and features as a Gmail Android app.  I'm sure some forum research will find a solution.  Getjar and device permissions already allows 3rd party apps. But the semi closed aspect is not my favorite thing!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Two Kindle Fires arrived today and they are really great... Make that fantastic! Woohoo !", "unixReviewTime": 1321228800, "reviewTime": "11 14, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1UAL14O8L3V6P", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [11, 543], "reviewText": "With all the pumping done by amazon, i still think that NOTHING beats Apple, maybe because i'm so used to the ipad! but i think its not even a comparisson to an Apple ipad, Even the HTC flyer, or Samsung galaxy tab or the Xoom are mre competetive to the ipad, i believe it wont last for too long feels like a nook with a junk chinnese construction, so my oppinion it's not worth more than the price... you get what you pay for", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "NOTHING BEATS APPLE!!! PERIOD...!!! YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!!!", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AJ4LHV5VR4FRT", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Jim Long", "helpful": [350, 529], "reviewText": "I purchased this tablet for my wife. I understood entirely that this is not as open as other tablets, and revolves around the Amazon Eco system. That's not exactly a bad thing, although limiting. What is simply not good enough at this stage is the fact that they show everything you have ever purchased Digital content wise on the carousel and on the cloud views (both default views that you cannot avoid). You cannot at this time remove this content - I spoke to Amazon customer support for 2 hours on this. What does that mean?Use Case 1: You purchase this for your wife. She now has to navigate through all your digital purchases to find her content. There is no filter, no control, no ability to change this. None.Use Case 2: You want to share this with your family, and younger kids. There is no privacy options, filtering or parental control. None. Your kids have access to everything you ever purchased.Amazon's says that to workaround this you should setup separate Amazon accounts for each person and each device. That is a complete kluge. In their haste to show you instant content they force the device to show all content you have purchased. And there is no way according to Support at this time to change that.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Disappointing - Had to return it.", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A201FD1CWGZYNL", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "DubStep", "helpful": [460, 489], "reviewText": "This will be a review that will be updated as I continue to use the Kindle.SHORT BACKSTORY: I own a 1st gen Kindle, and despite its original design flaws, I have put it to great use. I am a Prime member. When I saw a tablet(ish) device with a modded version of Android, made by Amazon, with a dual core processor and a smaller, more portable form factor than the iPad for sale at the easy on the wallet price of $199, I pre-ordered immediately.FIRST IMPRESSION: The packaging it comes in is very simple. The Kindle came in a brown cardboard box, which I expected to open and see a Kindle box, but rather opened and saw the Fire itself. Underneath was the Micro USB charger. I immediately plugged it in and fired it up. First thing it asked was to connect to WiFi (it showed every network within at least a 300 ft radius (my office floor is shared with a few others). Connection was hassle free. Then it asked me a few questions, registered quickly with Amazon, and then updated the software. After that 5 minute process, I was free to explore.OS: Intuitive and easy to navigate. A lot of cool little nav helpers come up to explain the various navigational aspects and preloaded apps. It immediately showed all the books in my library.TOUCHSCREEN: Seems very responsive. Keyboard typing was easy enough, especially when laid out landscape. I know other Android devices can bring up different keyboards, so I'll be looking into this.PROCESSING: Haven't opened up anything super intense, but navigating between apps is smooth and doesn't stutter.INTERNET: Took about 6 seconds to fully load a Reuters news page. I've read Silk gets faster with more use, so I'll expect that, but for now, it's definitely fast enough.CLOUD CONNECTION: Awesome. I love everything about it. All my content was readily available and I know my usage of this will go up now that I have this device.MEDIA: I quickly threw on an episode of 24. It looked very crisp and had no trouble whatsoever with streaming. I'll dive into Hulu and Netflix a little later.That's all I've gotten through at the moment. I put this at 5 stars because it MET MY EXPECTATIONS. I read all about this device before buying it, so I knew exactly what I was getting for $199 dollars. It has met all of my expectations of a small form factor tablet that is intuitive, media friendly, and has great processing capabilities. I did not expect an iPad, so there is no comparison in my mind.My next update will go a bit more in depth into EMAIL and Document capabilities as well as exploring some apps. I hope you enjoy this as much as I am!------UPDATE #1EMAILNICE: Email setup is a breeze for GMAIL (including IMAP) and they present a unified inbox view which is nice. However, they don't thread the emails, but that's not a huge issue.BUMMER: Native Email app doesn't support MS exchange, had to download an app. Again, it's not a big deal, but would have been nice to get work emails on this.Sent a PowerPoint Presentation to my personal email and opened it on the Fire. It displayed perfectly in hi res...I am a happy camper at this moment :)UPDATE #1.5APPS: This is my first Android(ish) device and as such my first experience with the Amazon appstore. App store is coming up shallow (in variety of apps) esp. in the finance apps department. That is just my initial response and I may not be entering the right search strings (for finance, I tried Bloomberg, finance, finance apps). I'm SURE as more and more Kindle Fire's come online, the developer community will focus on improving and optimizing more apps.Free APP a day program is very cool and I will be sure to set a reminder to look into this every day.I would gladly take any suggestions for finance (news, stocks, charts etc.) apps or any others.UPDATE #2Loving the Pandora app. And the Cloud player! And just discovered that you can upload UNLIMITED MP3 files to the Cloud just by upgrading to the 20GB plan ($20 annually...). For me, that's over 60GB of music available anywhere + 20GB of anything else. Awesome.UPDATE #3Now that I've spent a great amount of time with the Fire, I can honestly say that I'm very happy with the purchase. It functions fantastically as a tablet device. It could rival the iPad due to the plethora of media streaming options, portability, CLOUD capabilities, flash availability, and basic functionality (but don't set your expectation on this, it IS NOT positioned to be an iPad competitor).I downloaded the TouchDown Exchange app for receiving work emails. The Accuweather app is much more functional than the native Weather Channel app. Thompson Reuters News Pro is a great reader, especially for financial news. Netflix and Hulu + both work very well and I have had no issue in streaming content for both. YouVersion still needs some refining, but it looks great on this tablet.I am starting to realize that the lack of 3g will be a bummer moving forward, but it is not a blocker yet. If the developer community picks up the popularity of the Fire, I will be excited to see a plethora of new apps coming online.Again, overall, I am pleased at how functional this is as a tablet.FINAL UPDATENo issues so far (3rd day of ownership). This thing doesn't leave my side (at home or the office). Amazon's free app a day program is awesome; today downloaded an email app that is normally $10 for my favorite price...free99. My biggest gripe at the moment is that they don't have multiple keyboard options (outside of landscape or portrait). This was available on other tablet devices with Android OS and would make typing a bit easier. But please...for $200, this thing kicks ass.UPDATE (as of DEC. 19th)The FIRE is working great. I stand by my initial 5 star rating.Not thrilled with Amazon's app store, but like I said before, it will get better as more developers come on line. All of my previous comments still stand. Amazon's free app a day program should not be overlooked as its utility has been fantastic. The BEST thing about this is its form factor. I didn't realize how important this was until I found myself carrying my Fire with me everywhere. With the amount I  use it, I'm happy that it is light and almost pocket sized. Battery life seems to be about 5 hours with heavy use, 7.5 with reading. I charge this thing every night along side my iPhone, so it's not a burden. This makes a great gift for any electronics fan looking for a reader and mobile media player.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "First Impression...It works well as a tablet too!", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A25C2M3QF9G7OQ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Comdet", "helpful": [354, 398], "reviewText": "I have an iPad and an HP Touchpad, but the Fire has quickly turned into my favorite tablet for entertainment activities. The reasons are simple - it makes it incredibly easy to access movies, TV shows, books and magazines from Amazon, many of which are free under Prime. I can hold it for hours without it getting uncomfortable, the screen is great, and the overall look and feel of the operating system is intuitive. Storing and accessing content on the Amazon Cloud is also a seamless, simple process.I was concerned about the screen size since I've become used to the larger tablet screen sizes of the iPad and Touchpad. I'm finding that the benefits of a smaller screen size (easier to hold in one hand and light weight) outweigh most of the disadvantages. I miss a larger screen the most when I'm reading a magazine or a newspaper, but the copy remains highly readable even on the smaller screen.Sound quality is decent with the onboard speakers. Nothing spectacular but workable. I find a decent set of headphones/earbuds to be a worthwhile addition. The touchscreen is also not without an occassional glitch. I get the same \"lack of a final polish\" feeling using this as I do with my Touchpad versus the more slick feeling of the iPad. But none of these issues impact usability, and I'm willing to let some factors slide in exchange for a more affordable price.Is it an \"iPad killer\" or an \"Android tablet killer\"? No. But why is that even an issue? I wanted an easy way to avail myself of the benefits of Prime membership (most notably being able to stream shows and movies for free) and the Fire accomplishes this very well. It comes at a price that's a lot easier to handle than the iPad, and a level of ease of use/functionality that's easier to handle than Android tablets.None of the so-called limitations of the Fire detract from my using it. Yes it has limited onboard storage but with the way the Cloud is integrated, I've not had any difficulty using that as a way of storing content. Plus, when Amazon stores it, they deal with the issue of backup. I also don't miss the 3G connectivity. Sure, I'd love to be able to connect anywhere, but I will not pay the prices charged for data connectivity. I never use the 3G on my iPad for the same reason - just costs too much!I'll certainly keep and continue to use my iPad since I use that a lot for work. But when I'm done with work and want to have fun, the Fire will be in hand. It's cheap, works well, and provides access to virtually unlimited video and print entertainment. For me it's a perfect fit.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "My favorite entertainment tablet", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A311KOCMD1NH9B", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 383], "reviewText": "I don't know when the policy of Amazon went from customer trust to total deception.  I know that after my experience with my Kindle Fire I will NEVER trust Amazon on face value again:  I had a Kindle Fire on order.  Changed the ship date to one-day shipping.  The estimated delivery date remained the same (11/17).  customer service told me to cancel the order and re-order with one day shipping.  New delivery date?  11/18 - 11/21.  SO, since I have seen signs up in several stores saying they would have the Kindle Fire on Nov 15th, I went shopping today.  So far, no one has one.  No one knows when or if they are getting them.  If this is the way Amazon is going to treat 10+ year customers with non-delivery and bad information, I will start shoppping at some of the other sites ... and the extra money for an iPad is starting to look pretty good.  At least I'll be able to get one in my hands.  Right now I am really sorry for all the emails, posts and waiting for a piece of equipment I had really thought would be just what I needed ... which I could see one.  BIG WARNING:  While the Kindle Fire did most of the things Amazon said it will do when I finally got one ... and most of them well, I found out you have to be VERY careful about trusting the Amazon website regarding apps.  I have searched for numerous apps, most of them utilities.  I had specifically searched for apps for the \"kindle fire\" before I put in my order for the Fire.  I have found out that virtually every single utility apps I found using the kindle fire search parameter DOES NOT WORK ON THE FIRE AND IS NOT AVAILABLE FOR THE FIRE.  The only apps you can be sure will work on the Fire are the ones you download from the Kindle store ... which of course you can't see until you have purchased the Fire.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Might like it if I could get it", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2RII0V3IITEML", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [11, 382], "reviewText": "This device is amazing for only 200 dollars! Its comparable to the Ipad 2 Wifi, and 300 dollars less! You cannot go wrong! CANT WAIT UNTIL MINE ARRIVES!!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Great!!", "unixReviewTime": 1321228800, "reviewTime": "11 14, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AOWHSVKCYGRLH", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Sid", "helpful": [343, 380], "reviewText": "As an Ipad owner I initially had low expectations for the Fire. However, after having played around with the Fire, I have to admit it is actually quite compelling especially if you are a price conscious buyer. Here's why:- The mp3 apps works real well. I switched to using the Amazon MP3 store fairly recently having used the itunes store for years primarily since Amazon seems to have a larger selection and lower price. I uploaded all my Apple DRM free music to my Amazon cloud drive and now I have access to all my music -  both itunes and Amazon MP3. Unfortunately, some of older Apple DRMed music files do not play on the Fire as expected- The video app is real snappy and I had no issues streaming video at home over wifi. I can honestly say that the Amazon video app is as good as the Netflix app on the Ipad. It seems like the netflix app will be released soon for the fire so I plan to compare them side by side then.- I don't read many books so I can't really provide much useful insight on the book app. I did like on the Fire that the one book I owned opened up on the last page I had stopped reading on my Ipad from months ago. The screen is a bit glossy so that may put some readers off.- The Fire is in general very snappy especially compared to most other Android tablets. Not as snappy as an Ipad but oh so close.- I did notice a slight improvement in page load times in Silk. I am not entirely sure whether that was due to the browser or my internet connection.- I don't like the placement of the power button as I find myself accidently hitting it all the time. The fire is also feels a bit heavy but it is not intolerable.Overall, I feel this is a compelling device for the price and the negatives I stated above are minor to me. If I were looking for a 7\"\" or below $300 tablet, I would say this is the best tablet around. However, if you have $500+ to spend, chances are you would be happier with an Ipad.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Good value for money", "unixReviewTime": 1321228800, "reviewTime": "11 14, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2BIST3KLRJ6HB", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Tech buyer ND", "helpful": [279, 368], "reviewText": "Updated 1-31-2012Ok with the software update the main privacy issues have been corrected.With that, it's now 4 stars.  This is after many months of use on the device now.  The power button and no volume control still drive me crazy.  The need for an external volume control is a MUST!!!!!However, I have found myself using my Fire a lot, even with an iPad2 sitting next to me.  You ask why...well I found that I leave my iPad2 at home and take the Fire with me when I leave the house.  Reasons are twofold.  First it's smaller and more portable.  Second it's inexpensive, so if I lose it or drop it, I don't care as much.Now for the function of the device, I find myself playing games on it and watching shows while I run on my treadmill.  My daughter plays games and reads books on it at school.  I would NEVER let her take my iPad2, but the Fire.  Sure why not.  My wife also plays games and reads on it.Still not close the leave of the iPad2, but it's not supposed to be, but it's a good buy at this price point.Still not good for web browsing or magazines, but maybe I feel that way because of my iPad2.  Can you do it... sure!?!?  Just not a good user experience.Original review:Well I was going to review how the Fire functions....  However...I think its important to let people know that ANY AND I MEAN ANY item you have purchased, watched or website last visited on your kindle is gong to show up in this items carousel at the top.  Even if you dont have it on the device.  Which is fine unless yor wife doesnt want everyone who touches the device to know what romance novels she has read, or self help book you may have bought, or movies you have watched.  NO PRIVACY ON THE DEVICE AT ALL.Hope I get to update this soon saying they have fixed this problem.Ok I need to update...lowing to one star on the carousel issue alone.Now that I have used the product more the major short comings are annoying as heck.  No external volume control...it's a complicated process just to get the volume to go up or down.The power button is in a horrible spot.  The Fire is being \"put out\" all the time by accidently hitting the power on the bottom...really...the bottom.  Speakers are weak and the touch screen is hit and miss.  I did not expect this to be nearly as amazing as my Ipad2 or my Iphone or iThis or iThat at this price point, but I expect the device to have the simplest design flaws covered.Don't get me started on the android market.  You can tell that these apps are all designed to cover a wide range of phones not tablets.  Having used an android phone, in the past, and that's where it will stay, nothing there has improved.  Hit and miss.... ugly and buggy.I wonder if the individuals who designed the product have ever used other tablet products out there?????  or actually use them for the purpose they say this is for.  A media tablet without external volume controls.....REALLY!Update #2Still trying to like this device....still having a hard time.  Last night my daughter picked it up and tried to play a game and the first thing she says is \"where is the volume control???\" I show her and she says \"well that's stupid\".  Which I totally agree!!Tried using the web browser and it is painfully slowwwwwwwwww[...]  Won't even load some pages I have tried.  Small and hard to read full pages.  Mobile versions aren't too bad.Tried browsing apps and the device kept freezing and shutting down.  Finally gave up.Tried some sample magazines.  Impossible to read as normal pages and the text view is very disjointed.Notice...lots of \"trying\" to use!Books.....hard to read on a screen that doesn't adjust to different lighting conditions and not that sharp.  Also not near as polished as the iPad or the new nook.  On those devices you can actually \"turn\" the page.  A much more enjoyable experience than the touchy jumping to the next page.Movies look good, sound bad.  Have not loaded music yet.  Too many other devices in my home to waste my time there.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Carousel of embarrasment!  (software update corrected!!!!!)  Way to go Amazon", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2ZA570AQ95JMG", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Brent Wilson", "helpful": [253, 325], "reviewText": "I'm normally *very* happy with Amazon products and customer support.Kindle Fire doesn't support proxy servers making it a brick at work. Proxy servers are a common security approach at corporations, colleges, and schools. It cannot be ignored. And I'm peeved this wasn't made clear at BestBuy, Amazon.com, or the technical specifications.Amazon's stance that the Fire is an \"entertainment\" device that has no need for http proxy support. This stance ignores several obvious user scenarios:- Use Kindle for software book for reference at work- Use Kindle for music at work- Use Kindle for private email at work- Proxy servers are common at corporations, colleges and schoolsThe public stance on http proxy support gives me no comfort that it will be solved anytime soon. And why wasn't this made very clear at BestBuy, on Amazon.com, or the Kindle Fire technical specifications.Further, the Silk browser *frequently* failed to load websites (like ign.com), while IE on my PC (on same network) had no problems.I've returned my Kindle Fire to BestBuy and bought another tablet costing $200 more.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Returned the Kindle Fire after only one day", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3RQG0R1XIF41N", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "NFG \"NFG\"", "helpful": [282, 320], "reviewText": "I'm disappointed in the Fire. I'm an avid Kindle user and there are several capabilities other Kindle models have that this one doesn't.1. I can't categorize my books. I've accumulated over 800 books in my archive. It's a pain to try to search for one if you can't remember the author or title, without being able to group your books.2. I don't like the lack of privacy of what's in the cloud or on the device. I won't show people my Fire, because I don't want them to see all the stuff I have on it. Nothing is outrageous--I just don't like having my whole book list out there.3. It has no text to speech capability. I use that function all the time when I'm on long road trips and it's very bothersome the Fire doesn't have it.4. I can't delete a few pre-populated app icons on the carousel. I find that annoying because I'm adding a lot of things and I don't like having to sort through stuff I don't want on there.I also have an iPad. Fire offers three benefits over the iPad: it's much lighter, it's less expensive, and you can watch Adobe files on it. On the downside, Fire only has wireless connectivity, so if you're on a road trip, you can't shop or get to the web on a Fire as I can with my 3G hookup with iPad. It also has fewer application options and the smaller key board makes typing more difficutlt.The bottom line is, I'll use my Fire occasionally, but plan on sticking with my older Kindle for reading and iPad web surfing and writing for the most part unless Fire software is upgraded to address my issues. I wouldn't buy another one unless they fix these things.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Close but not quite there", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1VJPT9JEL3C04", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "sftechie", "helpful": [231, 302], "reviewText": "I just got my Kindle Fire today. I was so excited about it, what can be wrong with a $199 tablet right? Well apparently a lot... The bottom line is that this is a half baked product that is pretty much a front end for the Amazon store/content. Why do I need it then? I bought it for the ability to run apps and have a tablet, use a browser, email and so on, not just to be tied to Amazon. But hey, I could have still lived with that...The product is just half baked and \"made on the cheap\". The user interface is sluggish at best, opening content or apps is hard, tap on the icon and it sometimes open up and sometimes it \"thinks\" you were scrolling. Yes I have fat fingers but I gave the device to a friend and she had the same problem, it's just hard to use the device's touch screen.Security wise, this is a one click \"buy whatever from the owner Amazon account and bill the owner credit card\" device, how can you share it? The device also shows all your history, everything you bought content and other products on Amazon, so make sure there is nothing there you do not want someone to see when you hand out the device. Want to give your kid the device to play Angry Birds on? They can see everything you bought, no parental control, and they can choose to buy some more stuff too. Want to show it off to your boss? make sure you do not have any of those \"How to perfect your interview skills\" books you ordered on the devices carousel. Bottom line - DO NOT SHARE THIS DEVICE, there is no privacy at all.Apps - yes there is an app store and you can install apps, the app store is not as good as Apple's or Android market (I guess that will improve over time) but it appears as Apps are secondary entities in this device. The homepage when you turn this device on is all about a big carousel of latest content, including latest ran apps.Web browsing - it's just ok, not as super fast as hyped by Amazon, some websites are not fit well to the screen (although the \"fit to page\" option was enabled) and for some reason some sites let you zoom in while others refuse and stay at a small font \"hard to read unless you have 20/20 vision\" format.The screen itself feels smaller than I imagined, but I guess this is something you can know upfront when buying the device.Speakers are located on the device's left side (when in landscape mode) which means that when playing a video clip you only hear sound from the left side, yes you can use a headset but sometimes you might now want to.That's the list for now, after holding the device in my hands and playing with it, it's just a half baked device, good intention and an amazing price point, but it's not a good tablet nor is it a good e-reader. Mine is on the way back to Amazon while I am back reading my books on the old e-ink screen Kindle and doing my other stuff on my other Android/iOs devices.Disappointing indeed :-(", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Don't buy! I just returned mine", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A6FIAB28IS79", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Samuel Chell", "helpful": [246, 290], "reviewText": "[Update: I've encountered the following difficulties which I have little doubt will be quickly resolved.  1st, it takes practice to be able to scroll through, say, a supply of Prime movies without inadvertently calling up a movie that posts a rental charge--a matter of knowing how and where to place your fingers on the screen; 2nd, it frequently has been requiring several attempts before a movie downloaded from Amazon (not my Cloud storage) will actually play. Instead, it's common to see the moving bar register the progress of the download, followed by the message: \"An error has occurred. See questions under Connections and contact Amazon if necessary\"; 3. whereas the visuals of the Fire are as sharp and hi-def as any comparable high-priced screen, the onboard audio is neither as powerful nor full-frequencied as that of the newest iPad or, for that matter, the much smaller iPod. Though the sound is certainly adequate for personal viewing in quiet surroundings, the user will likely require earphones or a remote speaker to be satisfied with the audio under most circumstances.]The Kindle Fire practically burns away the competition. Not only is onboard storage capacity generous (twice that of the Kindle Touch, which is twice that of the entry-level Kindle), but its speed and instant connection with Amazon's Cloud (not to mention the internet), offer the user inexhaustible access to data of every sort.  It's like having the British Museum, the Library of Congress and the American Film Institute--all in the palm of your hand.I purchased the iPad1 and wish I had waited for the iPad 2, especially after being \"spoiled\" by the light tweight and convenience of the 11\" Mac Air.  Now I'm glad I didn't spring for an iPad2, especially given the attractive price, the speed and practicality of the Kindle Fire.  Moreover, the Fire offers a distinct advantage to Amazon Prime members, for whom it serves as a personal, dedicated \"movie theater,\" providing instant access to thousands of free movies available to Prime members.  I'm still a fan of the Mac Air, especially for composing documents, on-line shopping and doing e-mail.  And I doubt that, apart from Amazon downloads, the Fire will replace my iPod Touch as an audio player.  But if the Fire isn't exactly an iPad or iPod \"killer,\" it's a most welcome complement to them as well as to previous Kindles.PROS:The  SIZE and WEIGHT are just right--not so large as to be an encumbrance or so small as to make following a text page or movie a challenge--even for 2 or 3 individuals. (Just be aware that it's about twice the thickness and weight of a conventional Kindle using e-ink technology.)The SIMPLICITY and CLARITY of operation are more user-friendly even than Apple's, especially given Apple's periodic upgrades and confusing Cloud claims (the trick is to determine whether and when you're protected by their Cloud).  And Apple's MobileMe (now being phased out) has been both an extra expense and a pain (the problems are too numerous to mention, but perhaps the preference, even of diehard Apple fans, for DropBox over MobileMe's exasperatingly slow iDisK is sufficient testimony in itself to the shortcomings of MobileMe).  With Amazon you know where your books and music are at all times, and whether or not you choose to keep them in the Cloud or on your machine is irrelevant to the number of documentary, media and audio files at your disposal.  Moreover, I can't imagine possibly being misled by Amazon's directions into creating 2 user-IDs, as was the case with Apple, and moreover being unable to undo the damage in confusion by reverting to one.Compared to the heavy and cumbersome iPad 1, the Fire is a JOY to HANDLE.  Lightweight, responsive, low-to-no heat, seemingly independent of AC recharging.  You're good to go for as many movies, books, pictures, or audio recordings as you (or a child) could possibly handle for a day or more.  I plan to retain my Kindle, with less power-draining E-ink technology, for serious reading.  But for reading a colorful Golden Book or illustrated Dr. Seuss tale with my granddaughters, the Fire gets the nod.  And for movies, the seven-inch screen is ideal for personal viewing.  Since the resolution is greater than that of a larger screen, the added sharpness compensates for giving up a couple of inches of screen real estate.The device is RESPONSIVE and FAST.  I have yet to experience  frustrating delays and annoying spinning wheels [but see above re: aborted downloads] while the machine is trying to sort out its directions (admittedly, I haven't thrown any heavy duty projects at it, like recording a broadcast, burning a movie, surfing the internet simultaneously (not that uncommon on the iMac). But for the basic uses for which I plan to use this machine, it's practically a flawless, foolproof performer.  One thing is certain: the Fire, with its fast, user-friendly, smooth BROWSER (Silk), is bound to be a huge hit with impatient youngsters--or, for that matter, with those of us who find ourselves spending too much time fixing and fussing over our machines and too little enjoying them.PRICE:  Amazon has thrown down the gauntlet.  The Fire offers twice the screen size of the Touch (3.5\") at the same price as Apple's least expensive model.  As usual, Jeff Bezos, who now approaches the combination of vision and practicality that made Steve Jobs a universal and iconic,  practically mythic figure, is showing his savvy about consumer needs and expectations.  His few missteps--the attempt to sell cars on Amazon, then the Segway--are fewer than Apple's, and none has inflicted serious harm to the company he's built--in great part because he's always put his customers first,  willing to risk shareholders' ire and take some near-term hits to Amazon's bottom line in order to keep the company on course for the future.  It remains to be seen if Apple and other internet giants are prepared to follow Amazon's lead.  At present, Amazon's family of tablets clearly represents the best value on the market, with the stakes higher than ever, thanks to the heated-up environment created by the Fire..CONS:None that aren't also pro's.  For example, the inclusion of any sort of camera on a device that isn't pocket-sized is, imo, a negative, not a plus.  Even the music player, which seems competitive with Apple's, is for my purposes unnecessary.  Unless it's a \"wearable,\" or pocket-sized device, I'm unlikely to take the music with me (or slip it under my pillow at night as I do my iPod).  I suppose it would nice if the screen size could be increased 2-3 inches and without a loss in resolution or an increase in price and/or weight. Wait for the 2nd generation Fire, if you choose. Seven inches suits me just fine, especially given the advantages just mentioned.Unlike other Kindles, there's no need for a clip-on light.  And before purchasing a fancy case, you may wish to consider the price of the Fire to begin with--spending fifty on a cover seems disproportionate.  I prefer to use the device with no cover or, if necessary, a soft, shock-resistant, \"grippaple\" skin for the back of the tablet. (I was able to find an adequate case for under ten.)BOTTOM LINE: If you're a movie buff or someone who reads colorful, illustrated books with children, the Fire deserves a central place in your tablet activity.  With its illuminated screen, the Fire can't begin to hold as many manuscripts or perform for as many hours on a single charge as any of the Kindle readers with E-ink technology.  So serious readers should think twice before setting aside their old Kindles.  For my purposes, it comes down to the following: \"Keyboard\" Kindle 3 for books, iPod for music, Fire for movies as well as illustrated, colorful books and magazines.  As for serious computing, a desktop machine like the iMac and/or a notebook computer like the Macbook Air still seem indispensable for my own purposes--perhaps because I grew up with long-hand and typing and am not, as yet, totally comfortable with (or especially good at) texting and touching.  Having explained my own niche for the Fire, I have little doubt that it can fill the more \"general\" needs of those who, primarily because of cost, have had to postpone purchase of an all-purpose personal tablet-computer.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Smokes the iPad 1g;  a better choice than iPod 4g for some.", "unixReviewTime": 1321228800, "reviewTime": "11 14, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2BVOI631G6G1B", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [28, 250], "reviewText": "My wife got the Kindle Fire. After a few hours with it,she was fustrated. The interface is clunky.  It is slowwww[...]  Even internet browsing is slow.  It looks like they force you to use the Amazon app store.  So much for non-fragmentation.  We will be getting an iPad 2 instead.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Kindle Ember", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1JJB1S9IWX08G", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [21, 249], "reviewText": "just for streaming video, listen to live songs, work with some primary school apps and games. every things should be ok. if you need more power, this one isnt good to look at, but why not buy for a kid to spare ipad for yourself :D", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Compared to a gameboy, this one should be enough", "unixReviewTime": 1321228800, "reviewTime": "11 14, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AWJLQZ4UP2TNL", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Luis Angel Betancur F \"L.A. Beta\"", "helpful": [200, 236], "reviewText": "Final Update: February 06/2012oK: Almost 3 months with the KF: Didn't return it, I think it is a good e-reader ... not a tablet, but I can stand it; I have been carrying it with me a lot of time and KF is comfortable as a COLOR e-reader that let me do some other basic tasks (mail, web, video & music). JUST a good occasional companion.I do still think it can be good for small kids who are starting to use electronic devices BUT PLEASE read \"Note to Parents\".Outstanding Kindle Fire Features:Dual core processor (TI OMAP4) is powerful enough for those of us who like the device to run smoothly and fast. I feel it almost as fast as my iPad2 (Dual Core A5), probably sometimes it is slower when it has to perform high speed tasks (downloading HD video). Certainly it is slower than my iMac and Macbook pro (but I think this is not comparable because devices are in different levels).Color touch screen: Admirable, awesome, outstanding. Screen is 7\", resolution is 1024x600 (iPad is 1024x768), and screen pixels per inch is 169 vs. 132 of iPad and here is where it makes a big difference. I like photography magazines that have many pictures with bright colors, and the reliability of colors is amazing.Price: Change my mind, now I think it is overpriced (Con).Display durability: It appears to be really durable and tough to scrapes without sacrificing anti-reflective properties which is superb including its use outside with low - mild sun. Let the small children play/read with this one and save the iPad for you. Three months and cero scratches but we are careful users.Kindle Fire Pros:Touch keyboard: It is ok for making notes & annotations while reading. Sometimes you have to touch twice the screen but I think it is also that the processor sometimes is busy. oK, must accept that sometimes it is difficult to touch/mark on an exactly point, worst if you have big fingers.Size: Bigger than other options but worth the effort. It only fits big pockets (I have a cotton coat with BIG pockets where it fits) with the cover on, without cover fits suit pockets but it stands out.Probably this shouldn't be your choice if what you expect is a very portable Kindle, I will advice to checkKindle, Wi-Fi, 6\" E Ink Display - includes Special Offers & Sponsored ScreensaversWeight: Comparing it to my iPad2 it is really a HUGE difference, Kindle Fire is much more comfortable, it is easy to handle with one hand, it is much lighter, it is smaller and I prefer it to the iPad when I am in bed. I think this is great but just comparing against iPad.Kindle tools: highlighting, notes, annotations, public notes. PDF & TXT files.Surfing the Web: Amazon Silk browser gave me the same feeling as when I changed from explorer/chrome to Safari, just different but oK. Speed is good, but now I don't think that it is getting faster as I use it more, it is just acceptable. Confirmed after 3 months: Browser is just ok (3,0 / 5)Videos capacity: Yes, you can see any Amazon video &/or other web sites. Downloading speed is good (I think it is almost as good as the iPad).Screen size might be a little small vs. other devices but for personal use is great (this is a personal decision, some people just like bigger screens and feel uncomfortable with this size), probably won't be good for shared use.I have been reading outside with bright sun (beside the swimming pool) and I have no problem to see the screen with full brightness. Very good for reading outside.Games: Speed is really good for this type of apps. Colors are beyond good, definitely this is an advantage of KindleFire.Amazon content is huge and you can get it as you wish (amazon subscription, pay for item, etc.)Can be a spectacular option for beginner readers, explore eBooks, etc. I have two daughters, 7 & 5 years old, and they like it a lot and we are more relaxed because it is a cheaper device. Update: After 3 months my daughters have returned to the iPad and barely use the KF.Kindle Fire Cons:The WORST: Your content is exposed for everyone all the time and this is not modifiable. The only way to protect your KF is enabling password to unlock when you turn on your device:* Touch once over \"menu\", right upper corner.* Touch once over \"more\" (+): this will display \"settings\".* Touch over \"Security\".* Turn on: \"Lock Screen Password\".Another security advice:* Again: go to \"settings\".* Search for \"Restrictions\".* Here you will find: \"Enable Restrictions\", \"Password Protected Wi-Fi\", \"Wireless Network (on/off)\" and \"Edit Password\".This is how you can protect your KF content.BAD or \"Not Kindle\" alike: NOT \"E-Ink\". This is disappointing for Kindle Owners who love \"E-INK\", YOU WILL MISS IT when you read plain texts in B&W.; AGAIN: KF is a luxury for color books/magazines. Although it is a little bit \"eye friendly\" compared with \"conventional\" PC/laptop screens, it is not awesome.Searching books can be difficult: Now I have many books and some magazines and searching for your books can be difficult because there is no classification beyond: \"By author, By Recent or By Title\" and in: Cloud / Device. Or search in the \"home carrousel\"..... This is exactly as standing in front of a bookshelf ... you will have to patiently search for the book.KF screen takes fingerprints awful: Keep a microfiber cleaning cloth at hand or in the cover, I boughtVerso Prologue Case Cover for Kindle Fire, RedWeight: Would be a Con if you compare it to Kindle Touch. Kindle fire is 14,6 oz.( 413 g.) almost twice the weight of kindle touch 7,8 oz. (221 g.). Now I think that it is light enough to carrying it everywhere.Battery: Obviously won't last as basic kindle, this device works just as other tablets and with multi tasking activities it can consume battery in less than 6 hours depending in wireless usage. It gives above 7 hours of continuous reading. Update (dec.11): I will advice to turn off WiFi when not need it to extend battery life.Stereo speakers: Just good, don't expect high sound quality, I will advice using a good quality earphones / headphones for better experience with music (3,5 mm stereo audio jack), mines areKlipsch IMAGE S4 In-Ear Enhanced Bass Noise-Isolating Headphones (Black).No Bluetooth, no GPS: Users of maps or frequent users of Bluetooth connection between your phones, computers, etc. will be disappointed, don't buy it. Travelers: beware of this, you should have another device (smart phone, other) if you need maps.No camera: If you don't have another device with you (your cell phone) and you need a picture .... Sorry, you will de unhappy, but it happens that I always have a camera with me in one of my cell phones &/or my Nikon D300s, so I don't miss it. When I wan't to get in touch with somebody else I usually use my MacBook or iMac. So, for me it is not a problem but you should take this into consideration.No text to speech capability: BIG fault for those of us who like this feature.Kindle fire resembles a tablet BUT don't compare to an iPad/Samsung galaxy, Motorola, etc.; these are two different levels and SO is the price.Change my opinion: This device is not good for \"basic\" tablet fans ... it is \"too\" basic ... save your $200 for a more expensive tablet.I think that this device is so \"Amazon friendly\" that price should go down. This is a tool for selling media & products from Amazon, so I expect that Amazon will drop its price. But this is not negative, iPad (iPod, iPhone, iMac) is (are) \"Apple friendly\" and we are happy with this technology availability and it is a personal decision to pay for the price of these devices. Update (dec.11/2011): Now I am absolutely convinced that price MUST go down, KF is nice BUT it is an AMAZON selling tool.Final Notes:1. Note about storage capacity: Storage capacity is limited to 8GB (No SD port, just USB), and is less This is a CON if you are a heavy storage capacity user (movies, HD pictures, etc.) because you will be limited in a certain way, although you can use USB connection. It is highly recommended that you start to use the iCloud storage. I use a lot of \"iCloud storage\" (mobile me, iCloud from Apple, iCloud-Amazon, etc).If you feel uncomfortable with iCloud storage (loosing information, not having a WiFi connection, etc.), then my advice is to buy an external high capacity memory. For that, I own a Hitachi 500 GB external memory where I have centralized all my important information that requires a lot of capacity (mainly HD pictures, photoshop archives, etc) and it is easy to share with my other devices.2. Connectivity: micro-USB port. It is the only way to maintain this device \"unlocked\" (PRO / CON ?).3. For reading the classic \"black & white\" text books is better a Kindle touch / other basic Kindle reader, BUT for colorful text as magazines the Kindle Fire is the best.NOTE to PARENTS:Problems with Kindle Fire & children: Kindle doesn't have \"parental controls\", the 1 click buying option is true and all the kindle content is viewable.What we do & what we have learned by experience:1. Turn off Wi-Fi: This will not permit buying options nor accidentally see adult contents on the web, and battery will last longer. Keep your Wi-Fi secured with a password.2. Actually we don't have explicit adult content on our accounts (my wife and I have separate accounts on amazon and other web sites) so this is not a concern for us BUT it is a valid concern and the only advice I can give is that children ALWAYS have to use electronic devices under adult supervision (their screen computers should always be placed in an open area).*Recently we had two (2) bad experiences1. My older daughter (7 years old) with the iMac, which has all the parental controls active and in YouTube has search limits, performed with google a search of \"scary videos\" and guess what: the search opened a link to YouTube web site and boom .... the most scariest video was unloaded (it almost gave me a heart attack when I lately reviewed the computer). She couldn't sleep alone that night.2. My younger daughter (5y.) clicked on a \"funny video\" in YouTube while playing with her sister. The video displayed was from a \"t.v. parody\" and it was full of heavy gross vocabulary...Lesson learned: My daughters use the computer devices only with our company (not even with grandparents supervision).* I have learned to keep my (few) explicit adult items (books, videos, magazines, toys, etc.) absolutely apart and under key.From 4 stars to 3 stars: Overall Pricey but nice toy.Final Update (feb/2012): From 3 stars to 2,5. Browser is not good enough for what I want.Update: Dec.7/2011: If you live or travel outside U.S. you can not download videos nor Apps ..... Absolutely disapointting: 2,5 stars (although it is not KF fault but amazon should warn this issue).\"Disclosure statement\": I am a very big Amazon fan. I buy from Amazon almost every week (at least 3-4 times per month), so, this can be biased and you should have this idea in mind when considering buying a Kindle device, mostly the Kindle Fire because you will enjoy it best if you are an Amazon user, if you are not I will advice you to think it carefully, probably you have other options to consider.There are some other eBook readers devices, some worthwhile to check: Sony Reader Reader Touch Edition PRS-600B eBook reader (Black), Barnes & Noble NOOK COLOR WiFi eBook Reader Tablet with SanDisk 1 GB microSD Card.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "NOT \"E-INK\", AWESOME Color e-reader;  Last Update Feb/2012.  Overall Final Rating: 2,5", "unixReviewTime": 1321228800, "reviewTime": "11 14, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3P9EH5DY3GEEO", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "J. Gower", "helpful": [221, 234], "reviewText": "I've been a long time fence-sitter in the tablet wars, but I finally decided that the Kindle Fire was what I was looking for.  I had previously purchased the original iPad for my son, but he never used it so I was very worried about spending that much cash for what I feared would be an expensive toy.I was primarily interested in tablets for mobile web browsing, watching some videos now and then (I have a ton of digital movies), and that's about it.  I have a very small music collection, which I've moved to both Google Music and Amazon's cloud storage, so I'm not what you'd consider a big mobile entertainment guy.So far, from the time I've spent with it, the Fire is going to fit the bill nicely.1. WEB.  The Silk web browser is fast enough. I don't bother running side-by-side tests, as all I worry about is whether or not I'm going to become irritated by page loads.  Thankfully, that's not the case.  The text IS a bit dithered (blurry) in some places, which I assume is an artifact of Silk's server-side rendering, but it hasn't seriously affected legibility.  Web videos load pretty darned fast, and the entire browser experience just works.2. VIDEO.  I streamed one of my Amazon Unbox videos as soon as I opened the Fire, and was very pleased with the speed at which the video appeared as well as how quickly the controls just got out of the way so I could enjoy the flick.  It's going to be an EXCELLENT device for videos.3. MUSIC.  The streaming music store works pretty doggone flawlessly.  The only complaint I have so far is that I can't seem to find any difference in the equalizer settings.  Beyond that, since I'm not terribly into music, it suits my purposes just fine.4. BOOKS.  Kindle Fire's weak spot, imo, and the reason I give it four stars.  But to be fair, it was never going to compete with my Kindle 3.  E-ink really is just that much more comfortable to read versus a (relatively low resolution) LCD screen.  Text just isn't that crisp and the backlight actually interferes with legibility.  I've read rumors that the NEXT Kindle tablet (due in 2012) might just feature a dual LCD/e-Ink display or even a Mirasol display, which would remedy this nicely.  For now, though, I didn't expect miracles from LCD and, by golly, I didn't get them. :)5. APPS.  I'm not a big gamer anymore.  (I used to be huge on Gameboy, but I got older and slower.)  The App store, curated by Amazon, is exactly what I though it'd be.  Some might complain about it not having a billion apps, but I really do think everything that the casual user would want is there.  (But if you're not sure go browse it and see BEFORE you buy the Fire.)  As far as accessibility goes, it's easy to get in and out of.As far as the Kindle itself, it's a SOLID little brick.  It's not fancy, nor would I say it has that \"Apple aesthetic\" going for it, but it's a shick brithouse of a tablet.  Amazon might just decide to advertise it as a personal defense device, if they decide the tablet business isn't working out.  It's got a nice, rubberized back.  It is, however, a bit heavier than I expected and is likely to be less comfortable for long-term reading than the (significantly) lighter Kindle 3 or Touch.  The onscreen controls are easy to get to, which stood out to me since I saw some reviews complaining about the lack of physical buttons.Overall, the Kindle Fire is snappy if a little quirky.  I figure it's early and that we've got plenty of time for Bezos 'n co. to tweak the software.  The Silk browser WILL get faster as more users use it--which is the beauty of cloud storage/computing--and in the long run, I really think the whole Amazon/Kindle ecosystem is just plain excellent.  If four and a half stars were available, I'd have shaved only a half a star for the e-Reader functionality, since I knew coming in that it simply couldn't replace my Kindle 3.If you're a Prime member already, this thing's a no-brainer.  If you don't have another tablet and you weren't sure about the costs, it's a great time to get your feet wet.  Amazon's always been incredible about returns if you don't like it, but I think if you're like me and you wanted a good little media consumption device that works pretty intuitively, does the main things you want it to, and doesn't break the bank, the Fire is a doggone great deal for the cash.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Exactly what I wanted in a tablet", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1A3AJO17JKLBU", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [77, 232], "reviewText": "Well I finally received my Kindle Fire yesterday and spent all day paying with it here are my observations.1) This is NOT an Ipad killer nor is it a fully functional tablet in the traditional sense. This tablet was designed primarily to access Amazon media such as movies, and music. That is does well. The access to and use of Android apps is very limited. There is a limited amount available thru Amazon and while with a little work you can get additional apps thru the Android Marketplace there is a strong chance they won't work correctly. The Netflix app works but at least in my case I found streaming via Netflix had mixed results, the picture was often very pizelized even though I have and outstanding wifi signal, Amazon prime worked O.K..The Home screen is terrible!!! Come on Amazon !! Web surfing shows what you've been viewing, What book your reading and what apps your running in sequencial order!!! How about a little privacy!!!! How come every book in my library shows!!! What if you have multiple Kindles in the family and you don't want every user to have access to everything!! The user interface is almost a deal breaker for me, while some users may not care that anyone and everyone who has acess to your Kindle will know everything you've recently viewed and read, I do!The power button it right next to the headphone jack and charging port and no physical volume controls, yuk!Is it worth 200 bucks?? In my opinion right now, yes but not more than that. It's to bad Amazon cheaped out on some come sense features. I would have gladly payed a little more for a decent user interface and smartmedia slot. What an opportunity they blew!  With the new Nook coming out(249.00) which has all the missing features and better overall specs for a few more bucks it looks like it may be a better buy if I'm to be objective about it. That being said I'm keeping my Kindle but I am disappointed and hope for at least a software upgrade in the future that will give a more private user interface, Only time will tell", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Worth the Money But that's it", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1I9E1UN60IVFR", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [90, 217], "reviewText": "I don't understand some of these reviews. If you don't like Kindle or Amazon then why did you put a review up for the Kindle Fire. I've heard so many people talk about the Nook Color here on Amazon its driving me nuts. If you're so hot on the Nook Color get off of Amazon and go to B&N. I had a keyboard Kindle and loved it. I didn't go anywhere without it. I had a ton of books and games. I gave my first Kindle to a friend in preparation for my Kindle Fire. Now... I'll admit it hasn't arrived yet but I'm putting this up because I'm sick and tired of the attacks on the Kindle Fire. I have games picked out, some books and a movie for my first buys for my Fire and at the beginning of the month I'll be getting a lot more. To those that want to put the Kindles down I have only one thing to say... Get off of Amazon and go get a life... I've never had problems with customer service for Kindle... they've been kind and helpful... Amazon is an excellent site and Kindle Fire is going to rock... I'll never have 80 apps, 10 movies, 600 songs or 6000 books so 8GB of memory is more than enough for me...", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "I don't understand", "unixReviewTime": 1321228800, "reviewTime": "11 14, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1X6A8O9OCS908", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Gonzalo A. del Rosario", "helpful": [144, 207], "reviewText": "I had high hopes and expectations for the Kindle Fire, which I bought primarily as a reader.  I have had excellent experience with their 1st and 2nd generation readers.  Unfortunately, THE KINDLE FIRE IS REALLY BUGGY.  I couldn't get through 3 chapters this morning without the device force-closing at least a dozen times.  I had to wait 25 seconds for the screen to add-a-note to come up.  I called tech support and they told me that the device lags depending on the size of the book that's being read.  That didn't make sense to me because their dedicated readers never had that problem and certainly the Kindle reader on my iPad2 never has that problem.  It is extremely disappointing that as a reader, the Kindle Fire doesn't measure up to its heritage.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Extremely poor reader", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1HWZ0RMSG7G45", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [26, 189], "reviewText": "The Kindle Fire is compared to iPad in one of their own web sites.  My comment is there is absolutely NO comparison, the comparison knocks Apple for being proprietary when, in fact, the Kindle Fire is highly proprietary as it ONLY works with Amazon applications for the greater part.  There is an air of arrogance that I pick up with this comparison that also gives me the impression it is very much hype.  I think if Amazon took a more honest approach, like that have done for much of their Kindle models, they would be doing themselves and their customers a lot more good.  Just saying and I am a long time Amazon customer who likes 99% of what they do.  Just did not think this comparison mades sense or was fair in the least.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "No Comparison to iPad!", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A34755Q0UPJZK8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [9, 180], "reviewText": "One star . The product is probably worth five ....... but; it is disappointing that long time amazonian shoppers and prime members are waiting for delivery of a FIRE, while others have already purchased one at BEST BUY or some other outlet.  I hope that this slight of regular customers is not repeated.Kindle Fire, Full Color 7\" Multi-touch Display, Wi-Fi", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "where is it", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2J8ID5U61YGT9", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Billig", "helpful": [133, 177], "reviewText": "I pre-ordered the Kindle Fire the first day pre-orders became available.  I'd had absolutely no problems at all with my Kindle Keyboard; I just wanted a Kindle Fire to add to the family collection.  I've already got an iPad, so I wasn't looking for a cheaper tablet, and I've also had an Android smartphone, so I'm familiar with the Android flavor of OS.All I wanted was a Kindle Fire.  A functioning Kindle Fire, actually.Is that too much to ask?What arrived yesterday was a Kindle Fire, but function it did not.(A  new Kindle Touch also arrived yesterday, and  it works without a single glitch or hitch. My books appeared immediately.)Yes, the Kindle Fire was already supposedly pre-registered out of the box  (look!  my name!  and my third Kindle!),  and my Amazon account web page showed that it was registered to me.  I turned on and connected to my wifi, but the Fire did not show my books and I could never even open the user guide. I'd get a message that the app wasn't registered or more often than not, just a whirling circleMy router and the Kindle Fire both showed that the device was successfully connected to the Internet - it's not a wireless problem on my end.I have now spent literally hours on the phone with two different Kindle support people.  I have gone through every contortion on the CS  rep's script, plus more:  de-register, register again (wouldn't work via the device, I'd get an error message to try again later), SN, MAC address, turn it off and on, hard reset, restore factory defaults, remove personal information, reboot the router (all of which I of course tried before I even called support in the first place).The first call ended last night with the assurance that new information on my Kindle had been \"reported\" and I should expect a new registration to go through \"in a couple of hours.\"This morning, the Kindle told me it was registered, but still no books.  So I called support again.  After almost an hour of getting nowhere with the service rep, I was promised a phone call and an email.And this is the cut and paste quote from the email I just got this afternoon from the support person I spoke to this morning, typos and all:\"I need to look into the problem with setting up or registering Kindle fire, and it'll take a bit more time than usual.I just wanted to let you know I'll write back in  2-3 business days with more information.I have your t phone n umber and the preferred time you want me to call you, so I will get in touch as soon as I have the log  from our developers or engineers on how to fix this.\"And then the boilerplate \"did I solve your problem?\" at the end.Unbelievable.I'm holding my breath for the custom-made solution from the \"developers or engineers\" on \"how to fix this.\"Evidently the Fire was rushed out of the gate without anyone having a clue about how to actually support the device.I've been a customer of Amazon for more than 12 years, and a Prime member ever  since it was offered.  I've never had a single  issue with Amazon or its customer service ... until now.A train wreck.Back it will go for a refund, not a replacement.  The Fire is not ready for Prime Time in more ways than one.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Non-functioning Kindle Fire; clueless Customer Service", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ASD3JN8H27GKA", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "RobMiller86", "helpful": [136, 176], "reviewText": "Gave my 2 boys (4 and 6) early Christmas presents of Kindle Fires tonight. We are driving to NY from FL next week and thought some tablets would be fun for them in addition to their DS's and DVDs. Plus with mobile hotspot on my 4G phone, they'd have streaming video on the ride. They were very excited as they always play with my Xoom and Thunderbolt.So I set them up with Amazon accounts and shared my Prime membership with them and set up the Kindle. Turns out Prime is not shareable for video, only shipping. First bummer but not that big of a deal.The huge deal breaker is that the Amazon App store requires a credit card to even get free apps. Once you put in your CC, you have no way to disable 1- click ordering. So now your young kids can just click around and charge the crap out of your credit card.I should have researched more before ordering I guess. I have no problem with having a CC on the account, but at least give me a way to turn buying power on and off so we can sit down together and buy apps and such and then turn it off so they can't accidentally buy everything.Yes I could root it but Amazon does automatic OTA updates that disables root again and I wouldn't be surprised to see them make it even harder in the future. I don't feel like killing warranties and such by loading custom ROMs, nor do I want to deal with headaches as issues pop up with that stuff. I wanted them to be trouble free for my kids and not turn into more tech projects for me.TLDR: Don't buy Kindle Fires for kids unless you want them to have 1-click ordering at any time on your CC. Big FAIL Amazon. At least give parents some control. Now Amazon has 2 opened Fires being shipped back for such a simple stupid issue.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Don't Buy for Kids", "unixReviewTime": 1322784000, "reviewTime": "12 2, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2L40F1EUZ79BA", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "D. Pagan", "helpful": [148, 174], "reviewText": "Having had mine for a couple of hours now and comparing it to my iPad. I can now see why so many iPad and nook fan boys have been so eager to post so many negative comments on a product they haven't even tried yet.For $199 don't expect a camera or 3G (Obviously, duh).. What you can expect is a well balanced product that will give you tons of entertainment. It's light, small and seems well made. This is NOT going to be lengthy review; there are plenty of those already. I'm just going to give you my point of view as a consumer. For $199 you can't go wrong with this product! Amazon's first attempt at taking a jab at the tablet market is impressive. This product will make a dent in this market like it or not. Leaving negative reviews based on your bias opinions instead of actual use is pathetic. But kind of funny too... people be stupid.... what can I say!Well... going back to my kindle fire (its so much fun!)... See you haters later!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Very nice", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AZHF0UTHMXWJE", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [54, 171], "reviewText": "The kindle fire is reasonably priced and fits my needs perfectly! I originally bought a net-book for use between my college classes but I returned it within two days because it had some serious problems. I only needed a web browser and the kindle fire delivers that and more! Wi-Fi is literally everywhere around me so the lack of 3G is not even a problem. Hopefully this product is durable and lasts a few years!I'll add more in the coming weeks...Update: Unbelievable Value!I absolutely love the fire! They could be charging much more for how much you get. The interface is extremely easy to use, even to someone very accustomed apple products. Silk is speedy, much faster at loading full pages than my iPhone 4 but that's like comparing apples to fire! The only negative at the moment is the lack of some apps but I'm confident more will be available in the coming months.Bottom line: You literally can't get a better tablet for the price. This is going to be a hit for all ages. Now I just need to find some awesome accessories!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Finally, it's here!", "unixReviewTime": 1321228800, "reviewTime": "11 14, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3S2GKXG027QFU", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [28, 157], "reviewText": "I think it must be full of bugs because new. Slow, not connecting consistently with Wifi, definitely not an Apple product. Not sure why they did not work these things out before shipping. On the phone with support with over 1/2 hour, and the problem is still not resolved.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Terrible", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2EL56S2DQ83KY", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [88, 154], "reviewText": "Revised review - to be very clear, I read all the Amazon info before deciding to buy, as well as some published pre-release reviews -- but I am not a nerd, never had a tablet before, so I am probably like a lot of Fire-buyers in terms of expectations.Reading about things like the carousel interface is not the same as seeing and using it -- that's when you discover the real downside of what looked on paper like a nice touch. And how could anyone know the touch screen would be erratic and jumpy -- like Amazon would advertise that in the marketing literature? Or that you cannot remove pre-installed 3rd party apps you will never, ever use? etc. Read all the sales jazz you want -- until you have something in your hands, you can't really know how you'll use it and what you'll like or dislike.I really love my kindle. It took me a couple weeks to kiss my iPhone, but I truly fell into the sack with my kindle instantly, and assumed kindle Fire would be just as amazing -- know why? Because I trust Amazon to do things really well, and with exceptional user-friendliness.Sadly, in my first evening with the kindle Fire, it disappointed me more than I would have imagined. This thing is really not up to Amazon standards. I like the size of it, and the display is clear, but it's not e-ink, so it's definitely not going to be a primary e-reader -- the sounds are lame, and the tactile ergonomics are erratic and unreliable, which is just not OK.The user interface is not nearly as clear or simple as kindle or my iPhone. Getting basic help/info proved far too complicated -- for just one small example, I tried to figure how to delete a few pre-installed device apps that I do not want for forty minutes. That kind of info should be very obvious and simple to accomplish, not require a call I have no time for, to no doubt overburdened customer support - but the way it says to do it doesn't actually work for pre-installed apps, which are permanently there.Likewise, Carousel sounded nice, and probably could be a cool alternative to buttons, but really it's just a big fat 'recent purchases' file that dominates the home page, with no way to clear or edit. It needs to be VERY user-definable and very easily customised, and it isn't at all.Frankly, the Fire looks and feels like I paid $200 for glitzy access to Amazon's marketplace, not at all like 'my' personal tablet.So, a day after getting it in hand, I just printed out the return label.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Doesn't deserve the name 'kindle.'", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3F0YZJR2DRWN8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [76, 154], "reviewText": "Final update 11/21/11 - I returned the Kindle Fire to Amazon.  I had a few lockups on the device and it still seemed very slow when trying to launch apps on day 3.  I've decided to wait for version II.---------------------I'm updating this review after receiving a call from Amazon notifying me of an update to the Kindle Fire.  The update addresses the wireless issue and can be installed via PC since the wireless may have difficulty.  Once installed the Fire connected with no problem and the lag is gone.  I will honestly say that I would have never attempted this if Amazon had not called me directly.  The Fire was boxed up and ready to be dropped off at UPS.  As a long time Amazon customer their commitment to this product is impressive.--------------------old reviewI really should have recorded my user experience with this device but my camera does not have more than an hour of recording time.  It took over an hour to turn on my Kindle and attempt to connect to a Wi-Fi network at home.  I finally gave up and connected through my phone so that I could view all of my Amazon content.  Everything was there but the device would hang on each page while I foolishly touched the button for home over and over again.  To call this device slow is an insult to 5 year old devices trying to run a new operating system.  After 70 minutes of frustration I put my Kindle Fire back in the box and am returning it for a refund.  I should know better than to buy the first generation of any device.  My advice to others is to wait for Amazon to change the o/s to ice cream sandwich, increase the performance or just work out the bugs.  I refuse to be a beta tester.  For those making the argument that we should expect less from a $200 device I completely disagree.  I bought into Amazon's promise of an easy to use home multimedia device.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "modified review based on update and new info", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2408WSAS6R723", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [99, 153], "reviewText": "I got my Kindle Fire today and am VERY impressed with the interface, build quality, screen sharpness. No doubt it will be a great device for media consumption since it feels relatively fast, it very intuitive and is really feature-rich for such an inexpensive device. However, there is one BIG DEAL BREAKER for me and that is that apparently you cannot add to or change the built-in dictionary. One of the most incredible (and useful) features of an e-reader is that you can read in another language (Spanish for me) and have a built-in look-up dictionary for those pesky obscure foreign words that non-native speakers like myself just don't know. All of the other Kindles have this capability, the Sony Reader even comes with 6 languages already built-in. Even the new $69 Kindle can do this. So since I do 75% or my reading in Spanish and really rely on the built-in dictionary to keep me from having to stop my reading and thumb through a paper dictionary or one on my Smartphone, this really is a surprise to not see it on this brand-new product.Amazon, we need this feature.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Great Device -but...no changeable dictionary", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1CR0VL9JTRK4L", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Megalocke", "helpful": [138, 151], "reviewText": "I bought my Kindle Fire yesterday after much back and forth, hand-wringing and consternation over the bad reviews that have cropped up about this device, as well as the media coverage of it having \"problems\" that Jeff Bezos says he is fixing. Here's the thing, I don't know what needs fixed. After playing with the Fire for 24 hours, I can say it is everything I am looking for in a media-consumption device: I can read the Web, listen to music, stream video and enjoy apps. My goal in this review is to debunk, confirm and examine all claims I've read about the Fire.Question Number One: Whose pond are you swimming in? If you're an Apple devotee, who has an iPhone, keeps all your music in iTunes and doesn't care about e-books, no this is probably not the device for you. Save your money and get an iPad, because flat out, you won't like this as much as I do. But if you happen to keep your music in Amazon's cloud, have an e-ink Kindle and an Android phone you will get much, much more out of the Fire. For one, the music in your cloud drive will pop up on your device as soon as you sign in, as will the option to download the books you're purchased on your other Kindle. Finally the app store has many of the Android apps to which you're accustomed.Now let's get down to performance:Let me first say, I feel like the one-star reviews of this device (really anything under at least three stars) are punitive, incorrect and probably people not realizing their Wi-Fi connection sucks more than the fact the browser doesn't work. As mentioned, I am familiar with many of the \"complaints\" about this device, so let's address them.1. The Browser is slow: FALSE - it is super speedy. I don't get the complaints. Awesome. No viability to this claim.2. Volume is too low: FALSE - I would put the volume situation on par with, say, a smartphone. I'd say it is relatively similar to an iPod touch or Android phone. So this complaint just holds no water. I don't know what people expect, but it's plenty loud with headphones.3. Touch interface is glitchy: LARGELY FALSE: The calibration seems like it may be a bit off AT TIMES (maybe, or maybe I'm just not used to the device), but nothing that ruins or even hurts the experience. VERY MINOR. I'm sure Amazon is looking to tighten this up.4. Power Button in Bad Place: FALSE: I don't get it. It's not easy to accidentally turn it off.5. No hardware volume buttons: TRUE It doesn't have any. I thought this would bug me, but here's what you need to think about: This isn't an ipod or a smartphone that you use for listening to music with the device's screen turned off. You're usually listening while doing something else on the device, so adjusting volume on-screen is no big deal.6. Loose with Privacy: TRUE Too easy to buy stuff, the carousel needs to be editable. This needs fixed and I'm sure Amazon will, as they have committed to.There is one con: It's a touch heavy, yet still MUCH lighter than the iPad. However, much like the first gen iPad, I'm sure this will be slimmed down in the next generation, but 24 hours after popping the box open, I'm getting used to it and figured out comfortable ways to hold it over long periods of time.Let's not forget, this device is $199. During the 30 minutes I spent at Best Buy yesterday considering this purchase, I watched eight people walk up and buy one of these. I'm guessing these are moving much faster than iPads. No they don't do as much as an iPad, but if you want to mainly consume media, this device is incredible. Again, I feel like the criticism this device has taken is unfair. It has a couple first-gen issues, but Amazon should be applauded for putting a product like this out rather than taking crap for minor blemishes that do not ruin the experience.Aesthetically, this is a beautiful machine. It is a pleasure to use. I am so glad I got one.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire Is a True Innovation", "unixReviewTime": 1324166400, "reviewTime": "12 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1SGMPECIVAMD7", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [54, 149], "reviewText": "The device feels and looks beautiful.  Perfect size, IMO. Seems like a solid build.  I'd read reports that the UI was laggy, but I didn't notice any. I do have trouble selecting items sometimes, requiring multiple presses, but that might be just me needing to get used to the device.I just found out that it has one HUGE limitation, and it's a limitation completely imposed by Amazon: you can't cache free Amazon Prime videos so you can watch them when you're not connected to Wifi. That's right, you have to be connected to Wifi to watch free Prime videos (TV shows and movies). You can, however, purchase the item and then you can download it.I totally wanted to use this to watch videos while I was waiting for my son at .  For free.  Because I'm a Prime subscriber.  This makes the device a LOT more expensive than it seemed.Btw, I did try and determine from the product page the day I pre-ordered it if I would be able to cache the videos.  It wasn't clear, but I just couldn't imagine they would put this limitation on it.This is HUGE to me, and it may mean I return the device. I talked with customer service. The nice lady said she would pass it along, but suggested I also email, which I did.  I told them I would keep the device if they changed this, or announced they would change it.I have one recommendation to everyone: please complain about this limitation.  If enough people do, maybe they'll change it.UPDATE1: comments range from- I'm an Apple employee (I'm not)- I'm stupid- I'm lazy- I can download the videos, I just didn't read the help page- It's not Amazon's fault, it's the DRMI get it, every single one of you thought you couldn't watch free Prime videos while disconnected from Wifi.To the people that were nice in their replies, I can't thank you all individually but a big thank you.  I appreciate it.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "They broke my heart and they didn't have to", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1JYG9S9J5QE3I", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [41, 146], "reviewText": "Immediately upon turning it on it began to freeze every 20 seconds. I couldn't make it through the registration process without it restarting. After talking with customer service for 45 minutes, they agreed that the unit was faulty. However, because of the backlog, they could not replace it for several weeks. I ended up cancelling the order.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Hardware issues and non-helpful customer service", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3RWBSWTUAUM49", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "R. Perry", "helpful": [122, 144], "reviewText": "Is this the best tablet on the planet? No, but by all means ask yourself, for 199, am I getting my moneys worth? Absolutely. The lack of camera, gps, bluetooth, so what? The average consumer does not use any of these features. I own a XOOM and a Samsung Galaxy Tab. I am VERY happy with the K-Fire. It works beautifully, and I can't wait to order 3 more for Christmas presents, just made my holiday shopping SO MUCH EASIER.Amazon created a tablet that will do very well in the current market, and while it isnt a showstopper, it definately will turn heads when Amazon gets to laugh all the way to the bank for all the doubters. This is a great kids tablet, and for those who aren't tech saavy. I bought one, and I love it, take the dive, you wont regret it.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Perfect Tablet at Perfect Price", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3AHOURDNYDVEK", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [29, 134], "reviewText": "Below is my original review, which earned me a phone call from Customer Service. I had chatted online and called the 1800 number a few times, but when they reached out to me, that's when things started to work. It turns out I just needed a software update, which then allowed me to connect to my hotspot. Too bad the first 3 people I spoke with didn't know this, but I'll give them a little bit of a pass as it was the first day out. And to Bethany at Amazon on the West Coast - thanks again for your help!So, as to how the Fire actually works once it was up and running - I was terrifically impressed with the video streaming and the clear screen. I haven't had much time to play with the rest of the features, but I have a feeling it's going to be a good piece of technology to own.----------I just got the Kindle Fire and it has yet to work for me after an hour of trying to set it up. I 'chatted' with a person from Amazon online (who was really slow and had a lot of attitude). Then I called the help line and got hung up on.This device will not connect to my mifi - a device that works really well with my iTouch and my Wii...so unless it's resolved in a few minutes, I'm returning and getting a refund.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Revising my review", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A10WHFQK3LO0F5", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [44, 127], "reviewText": "I am extremely disappointed with the Kindle Fire.  It comes with pre-loaded apps that you cannot remove or hide.  Collections are not included with your books.  The user interface is not intuitive. I expected much, much more from Amazon.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Extremely Disappointed", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AJVNXEW2V1WAX", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [75, 127], "reviewText": "I got kindle fire yesterday. I was very very excited to play with it for one hour, then got disappointed.1. I don't like the one-click buy. There is no password protection. And the worst part is there is no way to turn it off!!  It scares me. Parents need be aware of it.2.the main purpose for me to buy kindle fire is for reading colorful PDF. Surprisingly and disappointingly, IT IS TOO SLOW! I have a big PDF book with a lot of pictures, which is too big for 7\" screen.  I try to move it down, but it is just SLOW and not smooth at all.3.All the PDF reading apps in store are not very good, compared with the PDF apps such as Goodreader for iPhone and iPad.Update: At yesterday night ( few hours after I posted one star review), An Amazon representative called my cellphone and asked my and my husband's opinions about the Kindle fire. He was very nice. Amazon has a very good customer service. But I am still disappointed that there is no way to turn off the 1-click buy. Hopefully they will fix it.I download some games for the kindle fire. I feel the game experience is actually better than Iphone and Ipad: Iphone is too small, Ipad is too big and heavy. I think I will keep the kindle fire for gameplay.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Disappointed", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A17I8G1ZKLI8Q6", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 126], "reviewText": "Just to ask if this gadget works outside US.I'm thinking buy it to give as a present to my goughter, but I need to know if it will works here in Mexico.I mean, the  web access to amazon store and all the features it has.tnks!", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Does it Works outside US?", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AJTQTCSPMKCIK", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [59, 123], "reviewText": "If you are planning to buy Kindle Fire for your kids or plan to share with them, please read below.I am a long time fan of kindle reader.  Just got Kindle Fire today.But I was shocked that my kids can buy any apps and any contents with 1-click, meaning just press buy button without any password protection.  1-click buy is the only option Kindle Fire has.Secondly I was so appalled that there is no parental control capability over what kinds of video contents show up in the video store and prime account.  My kids can press the \"Basic Instinct 2\" movie and watch with no password protection what so ever.  Not being able to block such movies from showing up in the store is not available anywhere.I asked the support team and he told me sorry but the password protection and parental control are not avaialble now.  As soon as I got that confirmation, I deregistered the device, put it back in the package and I am planning to return it tomorrow morning.Wow, I thought Amazon was going to win over iPad and I did pre-order.  What a disappointment!  I am not only disappointed, but I am so angry.  What was Amazon management thinking?  I think they lost it because they were so eager to shub the contents down our throat.  I hope they get it right with a new patch or something.Until then, I will stick with my plain Kindle reader and iPad.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Parents be aware", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AV6043UDEVP85", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Brian McGraw \"clanmcgraw\"", "helpful": [105, 123], "reviewText": "First off, I had no expectations that this device would be on par with an iPad.  My main motivation for buying it was to have a native player for the Instant Prime movies, and to use to read PDFs.  I also had a lot of android apps that I'd purchased over the last year for my EVO.This was my first kindle - I was very excited, until I got it.  My specific complaints:1)  I do not like the Carousel interface, at all.  There is no way to turn it off.2)  No physical volume controls.  Really?  Apple learned from that mistake early on, for their phones and tablets.  Lots of the Amazon apps force you to go through the settings to adjust volume (though the Cloud music player does not).3)  Silk = S...L...O..........W browsing, especially on pages with more dynamic content.The way I see it, I've got 30 days to see how Amazon reacts to the list of complaints.  Some of the hardware related items obviously can't be addressed via a software update.  I'm on the fence on whether or not to return it and either wait for the next iteration, or just pay more the iPad.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "On the Fence", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3JILVXOQD1JI1", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "M. Han \"fsgirl\"", "helpful": [104, 122], "reviewText": "When I broke my Kindle 3G and Square Trade reimbursed me the full purchase price I decided to go ahead and get the new Kindle Fire even though my plans were to wait a year or so before actually purchasing it.  I really wanted to like this device but I just don't.  Most of the features that I loved about my Kindle 3G were not there.  There is no privacy settings so everything you have ever opened, i.e. books, web pages, apps, etc is there for viewing on the carousel and you can't delete them...I don't have kids but for people who do that can't be a good thing.  Here are some other issues I have with the Fire:1) sometimes the touch screen feels like I almost have to punch my finger through the screen for it to actually open what I want it to;2) you can't create collections so you can't sort your books the way you want;3) text-to-speech is not available for the books that do have that option;4) Unlike the 3G and probably other previous Kindle devices I have to buy a separate USB connector instead of just removing the electrical outlet connector if I want to connect to my computer and;5) the length of the adapter is a joke...guess that was my first indication that there would be problems...with my 3G when I was reading in bed and needed to recharge I could plug it in and continue reading because the cord was long enough or I could just remove the electrical outlet connector and plug it into my laptop on my bed...neither is an option with the Fire (check reasons 3 & 4)The bottom line is it's just not the Kindle I have come to know and absolutely loooooove...I soooo wanted to love the Fire but was just disappointed and became more and more so as I kept using it...printed out the return label already...I ordered the Kindle Touch for my mom for Christmas so I'm going to see what it's like (hopefully it's exactly like my old Kindle Keyboard 3G except with a touch keyboard instead of the physical one) and if I like it then I will order the Touch 3G for myself.  If it is also a disappointment then I'll go back to the Kindle Keyboard 3G.  Rarely ever disappointed with an  Amazon purchase but seriously so with the Kindle Fire.  :-(", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Really Wanted to Like this buuuuuut.....", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ADYT1RJVND80W", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "LuLuS", "helpful": [94, 120], "reviewText": "This is the first time I pre-ordered a brand new device as it was coming on the market.  Now I know why I don't do that. I love my regular kindle and took the plunge with the Fire because it was Amazon that was offering it.  The touchscreen would swipe but it took many \"taps\"  to get a response if any.  Many Many Many.  So  I could never even get into my email because no amount of \"tapping\" would allow me (or my friends who tried) to type in the correct short id and password.  I sent it back today.  But I want to say that the return processing was very easy and I thank Amazon for that.  I also was astounded that the box in which it was delivered clearly said kindle fire on it.  What were they thinking?  Glad I was home when it was set on the porch.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Tap Tap Tap Tap Tap  So disappointing.", "unixReviewTime": 1321660800, "reviewTime": "11 19, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1DEVR135T3SSP", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [37, 118], "reviewText": "30 min of use, unresponsive quick settings then frozen unit.  Had to do a hard reset.  No hard copy instruction book, can't use the one on the kindle as the unit is frozen.  Had to log on PC to find out how to do this.Hope this improves or unit is going back.YMMV...UpdateI bumped up the the stars on this, due to a call from the amazon tech that read my review and tired to help out.  It has worked well so far after my initial problems.I still think amazon should include a hard copy user guide.  If your a first time user it locks up then your kinda out of luck.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "First impressions- unresponsive quick settings then frozen unit out of the box-Updated working fine now", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2BD3W3OKTFBKI", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "FantasyReader \"Jody\"", "helpful": [101, 113], "reviewText": "I halfway expected to be disappointed. $200 is pretty cheap for a tablet, so how good could it be?  The answer?  Surprisingly nice.The build appears to be sturdy.  It just feels solid.  I turned it on, and saw KindleFire on the screen during boot-up, with Kindle in white, and Fire in orange.  Then the slide came up.  It was pretty intuitive if you've ever used a touch screen device.  I slid the orange tab and led step-by-step through connecting to wireless, followed by a short, but effective mini-tutorial of functions and buttons.  So far, so good.I tried out various features.  I synced up my g mail (super-easy), downloaded contacts, and everything works great.  Much easier to read than on my phone.  Next, I looked at my Cloud music and played some.  Nice sound for the size of the device.  More than satisfactory.  Then I started an Amazon Instant Video.  While jerky at the start, it soon stabilized and played normally.  I think the jerkiness was due to buffering.  The rest of the episode played with no problem.Then I checked out the apps.  I downloaded some of the same ones I have on my phone.  These were not newly purchased apps, just the very same apps I already had.  Every single one worked fine.  I opened up Quick Office (obtained free as the free app of the day yesterday), everything works fine.I have not yet found a single thing I don't like about it.  I think I will need a screen protector; the fingerprints might bug me otherwise.  But it's no worse than cell phone in that regard.No issue with glare, at least indoors.  Have not tried outdoors yet.  The screen is pretty glossy, so glare will likely be an issue outdoors, but I have my K3 for that.Next, I logged in to Facebook.  I have to say I don't like Facebook since the new changes, but I had no problem getting around.I read some reviews that mentioned it was hard to learn, and not intuitive, but I can't say I found it be difficult at all; pretty easy in fact.So far, I found nothing that raises any red flags to me.  If this is not THE perfect device (for what it is), it's pretty darn close.  I think it's a winner.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "What did I ever do without a Fire?", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3Q3AIRXIRR4CL", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [24, 113], "reviewText": "I've had the kindle fire for about two and a half weeks now. It has already frozen several times. I contacted an amazon representative and he helped me get it up and working. Since my first book on the fire I have been reading much less and much slower.  It's a great overall device! If u like to read electronically then this is perfect. By having a fire I found out that on the inside I like reading paperback,but that's just me. I am returning it for this reason. It's nothing against amazon, or the fire, or electronic reading. All I'm trying to say is ask yourself if you are really going to like reading on a device instead of paperbacks.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Paperback or ereading??", "unixReviewTime": 1321228800, "reviewTime": "11 14, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AZREAL6NJTY9I", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Mike D", "helpful": [100, 108], "reviewText": "I received my Kindle Fire yesterday and I have to say that I'm impressed. It's exactly what I wanted and by that I mean it's great for surfing the internet, checking email, reading books, magazines, and comics, and playing the occasional game.This is definitely a content consumption device and that's exactly what it's advertised as. I'm a little tired of everyone trying to compare it to the iPad. My wife has an iPad and it certainly does a lot more than the Fire. However, I don't need all the extras she has on her tablet. I don't need a camera or extra storage or a Bluetooth keyboard and if I need to do document editing or the like, I just use my desktop or laptop.This device is perfect for laying in bed and surfing my favorite sites or checking on my RSS feeds. I haven't read a book on it yet but I did bring one up and it looks great. This thing is perfect for sitting at Starbucks and just chilling out.I have had a few lag issues here and there, brief but noticeable. I know this device will have some growing pains but I have no doubt Amazon will do a great job in providing updates and support. I do not like the fact that controlling the volume requires accessing the settings menu versus having a dedicated control but I can live with that since I won't be listening to a great deal of music on it.The bottom line is you have to decide what use you'll have for a tablet. Don't buy one with all the bells and whistles if you're not really going to use them. Buy the one that has the features you'll use and go from there.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Exactly what I wanted!", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3BFDEBT5IV4UN", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Dianne E. Socci-Tetro \"Never Judge a Book by ...", "helpful": [94, 103], "reviewText": "For me and all the other Luddites still out there, this product is almost better than sliced bread.I am admittedly the worst when it comes time to following directions and using anything `new' tech (it took me forever to get used to my iPhone). Generally, I balk at using anything new and am really cranky until I get used to it (in two or three months!)  But, when this got to me it was as easy to use as I don't know what.  Open the box, plug it into the wall and follow the screen directions.  It already has my books loaded into it since I have several other types of Kindle. Therefore, that is a plus.  I've also tried all the features and am very impressed. The speakers while small are certainly loud enough for one like me who is partially hard of hearing can hear comfortably. For movies-the color is crisp and the screen is just large enough to comfortably enjoy the movie without having to squint. The `keys' on the keyboard are large enough to fit my chubby fingers and I have no trouble even with long nails.The screen does have issues with your body oil so I will be getting the covers for the screen.A simple to follow manual is loaded in just like on the older model KindlesI am very impressed as to how your library is set up. You can choose how you view your books---choose viewing them on a shelf or  simply flip through all of the covers at one time. Flipping pages using a button on the side is outdated with the Fire, so you can control just were you want to be in the book at the touch of a slideOh dear!!! Facebook is loaded in it so I may be playing games a lot more than I ever have with just my desk/laptop!Right now the only thing I DON'T like is the cord is way too short.  It comes complete with all of  the tools for reading we are used to using with the Keyboard Kindle. Although some things prior Kindle owners are used to such as putting your books into specific folders is not possible at this time and I don't know if it will be possible in the nurture.Without 3G it can be frustrating to use when you are like me and have an iffy signal.EDITED TO ADD--if you are going to be trying to down-load converted content from Calibre, and are used to doing it Via a USB cord like I am, you will not be able to since there is no USB cord with this package.  BUT - you can use the cord (USB) that came with your older  Kindle if you have one.If I compare it to my other Kindles (Kindle DX and Kindle Keyboard w/3G) I can say this-I love the fact that it doesn't weigh as much as the DX and the screen is larger than the 3-G but of course not as large as the DX.  It does reflect ( without any screen cover) the lights that you are using around you and while that could be annoying I found that  I could ignore whatever was reflected if what I was reading or watching was interesting enough to capture my attention.For the money, you cannot go wrong.  I don't want to pay the monthly charges that I may have had to had I bought an iPad and I don't think I ever would have used half of the iPads features. Therefore, the out lay in cash would have been silly for me.For a  serious reader who wants to dabble in movies, music and the web - this is perfect.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "4.5 stars - Absolutely Well Worth the Cost", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2CX2SF1DSTWB1", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Take a Walk", "helpful": [87, 100], "reviewText": "Have used the Fire for about an hour after initial set-up.  First off, I've been thinking that instead of comparing the Fire to an IPAD, it should be compared to the IPOD touch -- (a) it is in the same price range as the IPOD touch, and (b) it will be a gift for my daughter, and I can see this product replacing her IPOD touch.  From that perspective, it is an 5-star device, that easily outperforms it's competition.But, evaluating it on its own merits, I've quickly discovered one, non-major issue: The carousel:  Really don't want my entire library on the carousel.  Amazon needs to quickly update this UI, and allow users to remove items from the carousel.Will update this review after spending more time with the device.11/17/11 Review Update.Have removed a star from the review for an important reason:  Amazon Cloud, which allows a person to store files (documents, photos, home videos, etc.) for use anywhere (which is its reason to be), isn't usefully supported on the Kindle Fire.  Music works well, but any other file type which you'd like to store in the cloud, then download to your Fire...you're out of luck....Dropbox could feasibly work (but Amazon market doesn't support Dropbox).  I was prepared to upgrade my Amazon Cloud service, but given its limited usefulness on the Fire, I won't be making the upgrade purchase at this time.Also --- the \"official\" Youtube app isn't preloaded on the Fire, and isn't supported on the Amazon market.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Initial Feedback", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2TLVFPDCGHUIT", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [35, 98], "reviewText": "College is something that is extremely important in today's society to succeed. It can be pretty expensive though when paying tuition and books. Tuition is a set price that you cannot get out of paying, but books are another story. Amazon has come out with this product called the Kindle Fire, which helps cut the cost while in college tremendously.ApplicationsWhen buying the Kindle Fire you have access to the android market. This means any application that android provides you are able to download (some have a fee). One application that will help any college student is the Quickoffice Pro.  Quickoffice Pro is just like Microsoft Office, but it is only $14.00 compared to the Microsoft price of $100.00. That saves you $86.00 right off the bat. There are also hundreds of apps that deal with college success, such as the myHomework app. This application allows you to input your class schedule in detail (class, time, professor, location). Along with keeping track of your classes you are also able to put in your homework with the due dates, but you are also able to prioritize and check the done button when completed. The final feature is the calendar. This calendar tells you what classes you have on that day, what is due, and what your homework is for that night. This application is the best way to keep everything school related together neatly organized and easy to access.BatteryWhen buying an electrical device, people wonder about the battery life and how long it will last. Amazon advertises the battery to last eight hours of solid reading time or seven in-a-half hours of watching videos. Through my experience with the Kindle this is pretty accurate. When I use mine the battery will last up to about seven-in-a-half hours of continues use. There have been times where the battery has lasted a week or more, it all depends on the usage. With a battery that last this long you are able to write papers on it, work on presentations longer and actually get work done without worrying about the battery dying. When not using the Fire you have the option of turning it off or putting it in sleep mode. If you are going to return to the reading or doing anything else later I would suggest the sleep mode. During sleep mode the Fire is still on but is using hardly any battery. In this mode you are able to just press a button and go right back to doing whatever it may be, but when you turn it off you must then wait for it to reload and then go find the book you were reading or the movie you were watching. With each method your spot is saved in the book, movie, or song you were reading watching or listening to. This will save you time of searching for your last locationProvidedThe Kindle Fire is not like every other E-reader; it has many special features. You are able to download the daily paper and weekly magazines along with books, movies and music. There are things for everyone with the Kindle. There are recently released movies and albums that can be bought along with the books that are constantly updated. There is a very slim chance that the book you are looking for is not available at the Kindle store. While in the Kindle store the book is broken into price as well as genre. The music library that is available has a great variety of genres and artist. The songs are cheaper than other sites as well. A song on the Fire will cost you $0.99 where as if you bought the same song on Itunes it would cost $1.29.Money SaverMost college students are on a budget and would love to find ways to cut cost in any way possible. Textbooks are mandatory for success in any class, but the cost is quite expensive. With the Fire it cuts the cost by an average of 45%.  The Campbell Biology textbook that is used by quite a few college professors run for $215.00, but on the Kindle Fire it is $96.72. That is a 55% cost reduction. When you have to buy five or more textbooks at a time the Fire is a logical and reasonable way to go.AMAZON CLOUDAmazon Cloud Drive is similar to the ICloud (for Apple users) in many ways. You get five gigabytes of free online storage to store anything you want, and you can access it from anywhere. Five gigabytes isn't much for some collection, so you have the option to upgrade to a higher plan which rates are one dollar per extra gigabyte per year.  You can upload a play list to it and listen to it on your home computer, and then when you leave the computer the Fire can access it and pick it up where you left off. Any songs you get from Amazon Mp3 are automatically stored on the Cloud and don't contribute to the five gigabytes storage space.RecommendationThe cost of the Kindle Fire is $159.00. This may seem quite expensive for an unnecessary device, but with this investment you cannot go wrong. It will be something you have forever and has several different uses. I recommend that everybody buy the Kindle Fire. When I got mine I was ecstatic. It will save you hundreds of dollars in college and be useful in many ways throughout life. Once you purchase it, you will be glad you did!", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "The College Students New Best Friend", "unixReviewTime": 1347235200, "reviewTime": "09 10, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "ASE5XYM721UKC", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [16, 97], "reviewText": "My advice: Stay away!!! It's weak sluggish in every way.The browser, which is the main reason I bought the device is horrible.Sorry Amazon but you dissapointed me badly and that's why it's going back first thing tomorrow morning.Better luck next time.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "A Joke Of A Device", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1XQJ8UYX4BJH4", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "EmR", "helpful": [77, 96], "reviewText": "I received my Kindle Fire via the mail early this afternoon and have been playing with it for about 6 hours.  For the most part I have been frustrated to the point that I have to put it down and walk away from time to time.  It is fatiguing and I find myself using my laptop more and more, instead of learning more about the Fire.  I am finding the touch screen difficult to use.  While browsing the stores or surfing the web, sometimes I must \"tap\" the screen several times, or harder than I thought would be necessary. At other times the screen is so sensitive that I continually open up links or items in the stores unintentionally.  I was trying to scroll through movie titles in Amazon Prime and kept unintentionally opening pages of the individual movie descriptions.  Very irritating. The \"carousel\" on the home screen is equally maddening.  You are supposed to be able to \"tap\" the different icons on the shelf and open them...well...it's not so simple..I find that I'm pushing very hard and not getting anywhere...and the icons won't stay still while you are trying to tap them.  It's like shooting ducks in a gallery. Also, while trying to enter information into fields...as in trying to log onto web sites...I had to tap on the field quite hard and over and over. Same problem with re-sizing the image and tiny print...whoops...I hit another link and now I have to go back to the page and find my place. It's also a good bit heavier than I thought it would be. I can't imagine spending long periods of time holding it up to read a book.  I did try, after considerable \"tapping,\" I managed to download a free book.  I quit watching after a few minutes because of eye strain.  The bright white background was extremely irritating to my eyes...not what I expected from a kindle. I think that I will sit here tapping away and reloading pages while softly cursing my Fire for a few more hours...then I'm probably going to package it up so I can send it back.  I would only recommend this tablet to those that have a lot of patience and a good sense of humor. Sure, it's only $199...but it just might be a fact of life that you get what you pay for.  I think I'll go for the iPad instead.Update:  I'm done, It's been another day of frustration with this touch screen. I wouldn't recommend this to anybody. I would either recommend either a conventional kindle for books,or an iPad if you really want a tablet computer.  My finger hurts from tapping and pusing so hard.  I've printed a return label, reset it to factory defaults and packaged the Fire up so I can be done with it. Hello iPad.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Going back.  Very frustrating.", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2IUWNV00HPKFJ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [31, 95], "reviewText": "My entire experience with the Kindle Fire was disappointing. I'm used to an iPad now and Apple have set a high bar. I know the Fire is not an iPad and it costs half as much, but at the end of the day I'd rather pay the extra money for a higher quality product. Here are the problems I see with the Fire and why I'm sending it back:1) The screen is just the wrong size and shape for effective web browsing.2) The web browser doesn't support HTML5 video so some of the sites I like to visit don't work. This is the opposite of the iPad's Flash video problems.3) The UI is not as responsive as the iPad. It feels sluggish.4) The screen doesn't properly recognize my finger's position and selects the wrong button. VERY frustrating.5) I couldn't make the text on the browser bigger, even after selecting the bigger font size in the browser's settings. Oh, my poor eyes!6) I'm a subscriber to The Economist and I can download and read the magazine for free on the iPad. I have to pay for another subscription to read it on the Kindle. No WAY!7) And the screen is the wrong size and shape to read the magazine easily.8) Netflix video quality was not good, and the audio and video were out of sync. Don't know if this is a Netflix bug or it's a problem in the Kindle software, but either way, it's unwatchable.9) No Flipboard app. 'nuff said.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "I prefer my iPad", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A18CCQGAMX2J1B", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "bb", "helpful": [74, 94], "reviewText": "And it finally arrived.  DOA of course.  I am just slightly upset with Amazon for a number of reasons.  Top of the list, I pre ordered the Fire moments after it became available on amazon for pre oreder, and yet it only arrived on the 21st.  Packed very nicely, plugged in, turned on, knew who I was, then tried to update, and became a brick.Customer service was less then helpful, even accusing me of mishandling, dropping or even spilling liquid on the device.  After reading through the amazon groups, this appears to be a pretty big problem for them, and they were not very helpful in sending a replacement.  I had to demand that I get it next day, (which is actually 2 day as we apparently \"passed the shipping cutoff\").  We were on a im chat at 2:45 pst.  I don't get it..  I could have walked into a Best Buy the day it came out, and bought one that worked.By the way, sending them both back after doing some extensive reading through the groups on amazon.  I will stick to my Ipad2 and call it a day on small screens, just use the iphone for that", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Was so excited...", "unixReviewTime": 1321833600, "reviewTime": "11 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AZ2JDW2C6GQD2", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 94], "reviewText": "Wow, I really thought pre-ordering over a month in advance would mean that I would get it sooner than two weeks out.....I'm disappointed....", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Disappointed", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1W0QYGY75KHYV", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "BCinDC", "helpful": [73, 93], "reviewText": "I have only had the Fire a couple of hours, so I will try to update with more use, but so far, as a tablet, the Fire is a disappointment. And, since really the potential for a cheap, quality tablet was the reason for all of the buzz (and the reason I bought it) that is my perspective here. [If you're expectations are for a color Kindle, with some tablet functionality, then you might well be much happier].I have been using an Android for about a year and, since the Fire is built on the Android OS, I expected it to be familiar. I knew it would be customized by Amazon, as every Android maker does that, but really Amazon has crippled the Fire. My first, and for me, major complaint, is the input/keyboard. There is no SWYPE and no voice input. And they aren't available in the Amazon market. And you can't download them anywhere else (attempts to go to Google's Android Market are redirected to Amazon...and usually followed by a message that the app you are looking for is not available...since there are so many apps that are not in Amazon's Market). Without SWYPE, and to a lesser degree voice input, entering info on the Fire is really a pain. Single finger typing is very slow, and is very error prone (surprisingly much more so on the relatively large Fire screen than on my Android phone).Other observations:- lack of widgets (getting to battery life is several steps/menu items from the main screen);- battery life - after about an hour of playing around, the charge had dropped about 25%, so, again, as a tablet, not great; if I had just been reading books, maybe it would have been better;- poor screen touch sensitivity/response time (on numerous occasions, the Fire didn't respond to repeated attempts to touch a link/button, and as mentioned above, typing was full of typos even when I was really focusing on touching the each letter);- no hard buttons or trackpad button - when reading one of the free Kindle books, I was unable to get any of the navigation buttons to get out of the book, etc. for at least 30 seconds - I would move through the pages, but I got no buttons.I will try to update and add to this later, but those are my first impressions.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "If you just wanted a color Kindle, maybe...as a tablet...not so much.", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A34SV3A4VX0QUT", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [32, 88], "reviewText": "This would have been alot better with just a new Andriod version instead of the proprietary OS.  I really hate the setup of the OS and really dislike not having bluetooth.  I did not think that not having it would have been so bad but try listening to audible book while cleaning with this and corded headphone... Terrible.In short its to small...  to slow... and has a bad customized version of Andriod.  Mine is freezing all the time so I am sending this back.  To much hype for a soso product.In short...I never used a 7\" screen so I would not know if I would like it or not in a tablet.  It just does not work well in magazines and is hard to read.  I did not know it would be as bad as it was without bluetooth I explained that.  How would I know the version of android is not to my liking without trying it?The personal attacks for my review are appalling to say the least.  We all have our opinions and most of mine I did not know thats why I wanted to try it out.  People always complain \"You never tried the product so why are you complaining....  Try it before ya knock it\"  So I do and people still complain.If someone cannot post their own honest review and not get called names or complain on you already knew all that....  Its simply not true.  I knew nothing of the OS or how it would fit into my everyday life until I recieved it and tried it.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "To small, Bad OS setup and slow at times.", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1H68WT2JX4EAR", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Raghee Horner", "helpful": [75, 86], "reviewText": "Five stars because it does what it is designed and does it well.Interestingly I have not seen such split between  five and one star reviews in a while and I think partly, this is a difficult product to define so here's my take on how I am using it:This is not meant to replace my iPad. I love my iPad but frankly with my 13\" MacBook Air so portable, my iPad sits on the coffee table unless I know I am going somewhere that I know I am likely have difficulty finding WiFi.I initially bought an iPad with the idea of using it as an eReader but after 15-20 minutes the 1.5lb iPad feels like it's ten pounds and simply becomes too uncomfortable to hold like a nice light paperback. The Fire is much more realistic an eReader. Is it meant to challenge iPad as a tablet? No. Heck it's not even a challenge as an eReader to the Kindle Touch which has the dreamy eInk. But for most people the iPad is so much more than they need. I am not going to sit & write articles on my iPad even though there are some great apps for that - I'll use my (portable!) MacBook Air! The Kindle Touch is very focused on one thing: reading for longer periods of time. If you're a reader who wants to curl up for two-hours with a book and just read, get a Kindle Touch. If you're a little more \"short attention spanned\" like me, the Fire is perfect.e.g. I'll read for 15-20 minutes, I may then check out a video that popped into my head as I was reading. Case in point, I was reading Blink on my iPad and then wanted to watch a video on You Tube that Malcolm Gladwell did about spaghetti sauce. Kindle Touch? Can't happen. Kindle Fire? You betcha. It's two different style of media content and that's what the Fire will do: DELIVER MEDIA.Amazon is not in the hardware business the way Apple is. All my cards on the table, I also trade stocks and the entrance of Amazon into the table-wars is the most interesting because it's not about hardware \"fanboys\" (or fangirls) but the ecosystem you can now inhabit! Apple's ecosystem serves its hardware sales while Amazon's sole purpose to get the content in your hands quickly and easily.In fact in many ways the Kindle Fire will improve because of the Cloud and the ecosystem without the need to upgrade equipment every 18 months. Apples NEEDS and WANTS you to do this. Amazon does not. I've heard complaints that Silk is not impressive but it will take some time to harness the habits of our surfing habits before it improves and I have no doubt it will. I also feel that some software updates are likely going to come sooner rather than later which is address the (growing) needs of the user. All companies do this, Amazon which is so consumer-driven will be no different.Frankly it's going to be a lot easier to toss the Fire in my purse and go than the iPad.Storage seems to be another issue for most people and while I won't judge why someone \"needs\" more rooms on a device this is a legitimate concern especially when the Nook does have an SD card slot. Frankly this would have made the Fire PERFECT but again this device is meant to have connectivity to WiFi. I can download what I need very quickly. Anyone who uses a Kindle knows that in less than 60-seconds you have an entire book in your hands. I don't keep ALL my books on my iPad even though with 64gigs I could.And the WiFi issue: Ask anyone with multiple devices and the 3G subscriptions start to add up. For me personally I have to pay four different monthly 3G subscriptions for the family, I'd love to be in a world where WiFi is more continuous. And I do believe we're heading that. Amazon known this and eventually this will be less of a concern.Use this device for what it was designed to do: It's not meant to challenge the iPad but I think people will realize that they don't necessarily need a device like the iPad when there is one more focused on content delivery. And if I NEED to play Pocket God or Angry Birds (which I could do on the Fire!) heck, that's what my iPhone is for...", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "NOT a fanboy/fangirl review but a realistic look at a very misunderstood product", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A234ZE5EZ7JRGP", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [54, 86], "reviewText": "A Kindle Fire was purchased for our 11 year old daughter, who has been an accelerated reader since her first books.  Within minutes after using the Kindle Fire for the first time, it was obvious that a \"one-click\" account needed to be set-up with a credit card in order to make purchases.  As a parent, I do not wish to give our children easy access to our credit cards.  The requirement for a \"one-click\" account w/ credit card even applies to free items and items purchased with an Amazon.com pre-paid card purchased at a local pharmacy.  Tech support at Kindle said they would reimburse any purchases made by our daughter -- not a battle I want to be involved with.  Tech support at Amazon.com said a work-around is to make purchases online and then remove all credit cards from Amazon.com -- what a hassle.Although in a league of it's own, our Apple iPad is a much better device and does not have similar billing issues when used by our children.Thank you,Steven Cagle", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Billing issues makes this a poor choice for children", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1TQW58W1OT68B", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "AM", "helpful": [72, 84], "reviewText": "The Kindle Fire is an interesting little toy, but as it stands, it's about half as useful as my phone, even if my phone couldn't make calls. As a portal into content sold by Amazon, it's absolutely excellent. As an Android device, I'm rapidly coming to the conclusion that my G1, the very first Android device, was better.Something that was praised in an early review of the Kindle Fire was that, unlike other Android tablets, it told you what it was for. There was no staring blankly at a desktop, trying to determine for yourself what exactly you wanted the tablet for--something that's been a problem for other Android devices. Instead, you've got a friendly menu at boot: Newsstand, Books, Music, Video, Docs, Apps, Web. There's a carousel of recently used things below that, and a row of favorite apps at the bottom. So, what's it for? News, books, music, videos, docs, apps, and the web, of course! With Amazon ensuring you always have options for the first four of these, it's easy to see what you bought that Kindle Fire for.Unless, of course, that's not what you bought that Kindle Fire for. If your notion was that you'd get a nice, cheap Android tablet for general use, you're going to have some problems. In ensuring that they could provide content to users with zero fuss, Amazon locked much of what Android users think of as \"Android\" out of the Kindle Fire. Android phones, during setup, integrate tightly with your Google account, and a wealth of Google oriented applications are all ready to go with your phone when you turn it on. That's not so with the Fire, and it's not just a matter of extra setup--the thing is locked down. This means no Youtube app, Google+ app, no Google Maps app, no official Gmail (Fire's mail client can read Gmail, but it's not very impressive), no ANYTHING that Google brought to the table for Android, unless you muddle through the web interface, which is really irritating when there's a perfectly good Android app for that.If you don't like their browser (Silk), you can't use a different one. This has already presented a problem for me in the way of trying to use JManga, a portal for manga that's run by Japanese manga publishers directly. This isn't an \"oh, it doesn't work on mobile,\" thing: it doesn't work on Silk. Dolphin, one of the best browsers for Android, handled it fine, but isn't available for the Fire, because Amazon said so. Dolphin is in the Amazon Appstore, and they're perfectly happy to let you have it--but only for your Android phones. It's explicitly blocked from the Fire (and so is every other web browser). You can't go to the official Android Market website to get it either. Try, and Silk will kick you back to Amazon's Appstore.Using Silk to watch videos from sources like YouTube has proven a bit spotty, but doable. When running in the desktop style, framerate problems abounded. Switching to the mobile web based version of YouTube fixed that, but it's awfully stripped down. Again, if Amazon weren't so determined to lock customers out of apps provided by anyone but themselves, this would be a non-issue, as I could just use the YouTube app and have it work fine.So far, I HAVE found an option in the Fire's OS settings to allow installation of third party applications (which is how the Amazon Appstore works on \"normal\" Android devices), but I have yet to find a way of doing so, now that I'm allowed.This is not what it could, or should have been, and the fault lies entirely with Amazon taking a page from Apple's playbook, and trying to maintain an iron fist on the device.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Great as an Amazon portal.  Very poor as a tablet.", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AUI51M2O2IZVV", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [24, 83], "reviewText": "Initial impressions. Its heavy and my original kindle is much better for reading.  The main photo showing a woman holding the kindle fire with her fingers is terribly misleading. It implies that kindle is light which it is not. Feels like a thin black brick.You need two hands for this device just like the ipad.  The screen is also too small for effective web browsing.  I purchased a motor trend magazine; impossible to read  My ipad is much better for web and email.Wanted to like this device but my recommendation is to buy the new kindle touch for books and get an ipad for everything else. I plan to return the fire and buy the touch.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Disappointed - Too heavy for reading and screen too small for everything else", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A19W47CXJJP1MI", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Amazonian Consumer", "helpful": [71, 80], "reviewText": "Once you see the Kindle Fire in person, you would be amazed that this very high quality tablet has a price tag of less than $200. The hardware and software quality are on a par with Apple.And the 7-inch form factor, IMO, is actually better for reading than the 9.7-inch iPad which I also have. There are two reasons for this. First, the Fire's dimensions and weight closely resemble a physical book that we are used to read and carry around. Second, when it is held in the vertical position, the default text size and text line width are nearly the same as a real book. I tried reading using the Fire inside my car in broad daylight, and it was quite readable and comfortable.When I turned on the Fire for the first time, it would ask me to select the Wi-Fi network that I want to use, and the password if the network is encrypted. Afterward, the Fire would update the Kindle software to the latest version.The Fire is already registered when you receive it, so it will greet you with your name and subsequently present you with a carousel-like shelf which would have all your Kindle book titles. But this shelf is not just limited to books, media of all types (Books, Music, Video, Documents, Apps, and even Web pages) would all appear here, in the order that you have used them, with the last used being on the left and topmost. You can use your finger to swipe left and right to browse all the items. I like this interface very much because it allows you to switch quickly among the seven media types.Watching movies on the Kindle Fire is fantastic; the video and audio are always smooth and I have not encountered any problem.The Fire is more narrowly focused on media consumption compared to the iPad. It does not have cameras nor microphone to allow audio/video chatting, picture-taking, and video-making (your cellphone probably can do all that already). But the Fire does very well what it was designed to do. It is more usable in many ways in a 7-inch form factor and it is much more affordable at less than $200.I highly recommend the Kindle Fire.If you are also in the market for a Kindle Fire protective case, I'd recommendBear Motion Genuine Leather Case for Kindle Fire Cover. It is high quality and the price including shipping is less than $20. I demand high quality, but I am reluctant to pay more than 10% of the price of the tablet for a case. Or for slightly more, you can get a more versatile case by AmazonBasicsAmazonBasics Leather Folio Cover with Multi-Angle Adjustable Stand for Kindle Fire, Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.0 (Black).(I have Amazon's Prime membership, so thousands of the movies and TV shows are available to me without additional cost. If you often buy from Amazon, then Prime membership is worth it, because your stuff arrives in two days, and there is no shipping charge. Consider the movies/TV shows as a great bonus. I discontinued my Netflix subscription ever since Amazon began offering free streaming for Prime members).Update 12-9-2011After running the Fire for about three weeks without ever turning it completely off, I encountered something strange: I could not wake it up when I pressed the power button like I used to. The button would briefly flash green then turn off. Thinking that the Fire may have run out of battery power, I plugged in the AC adapter/charger. Normally the power button should then show the color amber/orange, indicating that it is charging, but there was no light. At this point, it looked to be dead, so I called Amazon Kindle Fire support line. The tech person asked me to press the power button while he counted to twenty, then I released the power button. This is called a \"hard reset\". I don't remember seeing anything on the screen after releasing the power button, so I pressed the power button again. It was then that I saw the words \"kindle fire\" on the screen, indicating that the Fire is starting up. Everything is back to normal again, and when I plug in the AC adapter/charger, the power button would glow amber like it should. I have described what has happened in detail so that if you encounter this, you will know what to do.Update 12-23-2011It has happened again. I was unable to wake up the Fire from sleep just now. The situation was exactly like what happened on 12-9-2011. No problem, just hold down the power button for about 20 seconds to do a \"hard reset\", then press the power button again to turn it on. I expect Amazon to cure this problem in the near future.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Would Give Kindle Fire Six Stars If I Could.", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AONUCJBC85BL", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "KindlePad", "helpful": [65, 80], "reviewText": "I am trying to like the Fire, but its unacceptable to have to press a button 3 times to get it to respond or swipe a page 3-4 times to get the page to turn.Also, I was trying to delete Facebook, IMDB and other apps and could not. I spoke with a CS who said those apps are permanently installed and can't be deleted. Frankly I think that stinks. On a device I paid full price for, I should be able to decide which third party apps reside or not - not Amazon or Facebook.Also, and this is very odd. Amazon makes a lot of press about this being a Cloud device, but you can't directly access your amazon cloud drive from the Fire. That's right - that's not a mistake. I also asked that of the CS. They said if you want to access docs on your amazon cloud drive, you should email them to your Fire. Email them... to a cloud device. That's supposed to be a hugely wifi connected device. I had to ask them the questions several times to make there were understanding me.Why are these important? Won't they be patched soon?You can't assume that will be the case. With the regular e-ink Kindles, software updates were very few and far between. We users waited years for \"collections\". It's very possible - like many other android devices - that we will never see a substantial update to this first gen Kindle Fire. It's possible that only future Kindle Fire's will get a better, faster OS and not this first gen.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Too sluggish & can't uninstall Facebook & other third party apps", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3S133QYCOOH6F", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "M. James", "helpful": [59, 78], "reviewText": "Have packaged up the Kindle Fire that Amazon sent to me, and the cover I'd purchased as well, and am delivering to UPS for return shipment first thing in the a.m. Hours of attempts to get it to go online, and at least as much time spent on the phone with so-called Kindle \"support\" got me nowhere. They promised to have \"an engineer\" get back to me within 48 hours - NOT! The phone support people were clueless, though the last guy let on that they'd had a huge number of problems. For a customer who was nothing but satisfied with his three previous Kindles, this was a wake-up call. Amazon may be getting too big for its britches. Anyway, convinced me that I'll go for an iPad knowing I won't be wasting hours of my time trying to get the darn thing to operate like it's supposed to. Weirdest thing of all was turning it on the first time and seeing someone else's name - specifically, an \"Emma\" - identified as the owner. What was THAT about? Amazon, you blew it.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Sorely disappointed", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3B5MABRWKFVQU", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [9, 74], "reviewText": "Just a thought from a typical Amazon consumer...Dear Amazon,I have read about the Kindle Fire and everything good about it. I love it but I still wait until it has 3G(free)#1 killer feature over the iPad. Kindle Fire 3G will take the data plan headache out of consumers and let them shop freely as much as they desire. It is the smartest move ever that Amazon chose and will choose for Kindle Fire.Since, it looks like it is the Ipad killer, will it be a phone function on the Kindle Fire? maybe then called \"Kindle FirePhone\" instead of Apple iPhone. Technology is out there, it can happen but the only thing is up to Amazon whether or not they want to do it.Will it be Kindle Fire 3G since Kindle line is going that way? All Kindles follow the upgrade from WIFI to 3G. Why not make it easy for consumers at the first place then we will be drown into Amazon world?The NEXT BIG THING that Amazon should do is to combine all portable gadgets into one 7\" wonderful-size device; and make it \"KINDLE FirePhone\" which can be use to read books, magazines...watch movie, play games, listen to music and TALK to friends. WOW! with its #1 FREE Cloud service. What else perfect can this device be?Best regards,TommyT.Comments about this review, please send it to: tommyto21@gmail.comp.s: wording in this review is not 100% perfect.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Kindle is the iPad killer, will it be the next iPhone killer too?", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3KWY6B4R7Y1OC", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 74], "reviewText": "BAH HUMBUG!! Ordered the Fire as a christmas gift for my wife.  Be careful if you are ordering this as a surprise gift, as the package clearly identifies it as a Knidle Fire.  The surpise is now gone.  Wife is still not going to get it until Christmas, but she knows what she is getting.  BAH HUMBUG!!!!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Package clearly states it is a KINDLE Fire.  No santa claus surprise", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2X8XBRH2K5IHZ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [9, 73], "reviewText": "If I had known that I could've purchased the Kindle Fire at a brick and mortar stores (STAPLES) before Amazon even SHIPPED my item, I would never have purchased via Amazon.  What's up with that?  Disappointing.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Ship date??!", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1TI1OAQKRHLXI", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Raj", "helpful": [54, 72], "reviewText": "Sub-standard product, does not function well. The \"touch\" feature also is not sensitive. Returned my Kindle Fire to Amazon today. Plan to buy an iPAD.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Product is sub-standard.", "unixReviewTime": 1321660800, "reviewTime": "11 19, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A297DA8S7Y6TRD", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Ryan Mccrea \"rymac69\"", "helpful": [68, 72], "reviewText": "First and foremost, lets get it out of the way.  This is not a iPad, it was not intended to be an iPad, or a Android Tablet made by any manufacture you would like to name.  It is a Kindle reader with added functions.  I had an iPad and an iPad 2, because I just had to have them.  The problem was that after the novelty wore off, as the surveys have said, I found that it was more just a time waster or something that I took to the bathroom with me.  I don't want to get into the argument of 10\" vs 7\" screens, but for me a 10\" screen is to big.  If I have to carry an added case with me, I might as well take my laptop and have everything I need. isOk for the review.  This is a great device for what it was made for.  A $199 e-reader that allows me to download movies, stream movies, play plants vs. zombies, surf the web, and oh yea...read a book.  Yes it has its minor flaws as some have said.  For me the only real down side is the lack of physical buttons, but once you get use to it, its getting less and less of a problem.  As for storage?  I know many have said that it doesn't have enough for those times that you don't have access to the cloud.  I am not sure who it is that sits on a plane, or train, or in a car for 8 or more hours each day, but maybe they need to look into the iPad...I can not think of one time during my travels that I haven't been able to access some form of wi-fi, atleast every few hours.  I easily can place a couple rented movies, a few books, and more games then I will sit and play during the trip, on my Fire without an issue.I really was gonna purchase the nook color tablet, just so I could buy a nook2android sd card when they came out, but after playing with my Fire for a few days, I don't see why.  I think I may even get a Prime subscription.The Fire is not a iPad killer...again I do not think it was meant to be...what it is, is a reasonably priced media device for the common man/woman.  Something that will allow you to relax and enjoy during your free time without breaking the bank.  This is the real world.  Nothing is perfect and the Fire is not perfect, but bang for the buck, even without Prime membership, you can't beat it.So you folks with your ipads, galaxy tablets, and all the other items I see compaired....enjoy them and let the rest of enjoy our Kindle Fires.  For some of us, they are enough, and we aren't looking to impress the next guy/girl sitting next to us because we pull out the newest $600 tablet.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Review it for what it is and not what you think it should be", "unixReviewTime": 1321660800, "reviewTime": "11 19, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2SZ8L41GTZLK8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [14, 72], "reviewText": "I got my Fire today and was thrilled to get it at long last. Imagine my dismay when I found I couldn't hook it up to my wifi. It is useless without wifi. Obviously the designers of Kindle never considered the aging population and our shaky hands or women and their long fingernails.I tried for an hour to enter the information with my index fingernail intact. The screen jumped all over the place. I went from numbers to letters to caps so fast, when trying to select the character type needed, that I couldn't figure out when to take my finger off. So I made the ultimate sacrifice, for a woman, and cut off my fingernail. That worked better but it didn't stop my hand from shaking so I still scrolled though character options at an alarming rate.I finally had to give up. I am beyond disgusted. If this is wondrous new technology than they can shove it where the sun doesn't shine along with 3-D. I've managed to hook up several non-touch Kindles, a Nook, and a Samsung tablet with no problems but this device is beyond me. That tells me that it isn't my disabilities or having fingernails that is the problem since the last two devices are touch devices. I'm sure there are people who will be able to use the touchscreen with few problems but my husband and I sure aren't two of them. I plan to return our Fires.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Can't Use Due to Shaky Hands", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A155Z96INCVRPZ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [16, 71], "reviewText": "This is a great little device, but since i travel a lot and a lot of the hotel's charge for wi-fi these days, that can add up.  Also with no 3G when your not around any hot spots, you cant connect to the internet & sometimes the internet can come in handy especially travelling on the road. I also perfer a larger screen that the Ipad and some other tablets have, when you get a little older, the bigger the better.  But if you really need an tablet & cant afford something that has everything, this would work especially for a kid.  Like i said if u travel a lot get something that has 3-G, so u dont rack up large internet fees all over the country or sit in the hotel lobby or Mcdonalds for the free wi-fi.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Great little device but no 3-G", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2XZNWSG8KDZJ3", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "S. Caffery \"Steve C\"", "helpful": [59, 70], "reviewText": "I received my Kindle Fire this morning and it is pretty amazing. The size, screen quality, and form factor are excellent. Books and magazines look amazing on the tablet and it checks email and surfs the web quickly. After using it for about 6 hours I can definitely say that I am in love with it. I have an iPad2 and it pretty much does all the same things, it is just slightly smaller. If you are looking for an e-reader and tablet computer I would definitely give this one a look. For all those people complaining about lack of certain buttons and no cameras remember this, it was built to be an e-reader. It was not built to be a tablet computer. If you want one of those buy one that is specifically a tablet computer.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2ZWHM5YKPBDF0", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 68], "reviewText": "Hi,Yesterday, I purchased the Kindle Fire at Best Buy.  There is an array (or matrix) of shiny little dots overlaying the screen, which can be seeing when there is reflections on the screen.  These little dots are very distracting and annoying, making the screen looks cheap and plastic, very poor quality.The edges are too narrow and thumbs goes over screen a bit, it's hard to hold otherwise.  Also, the edges are squared making the Kindle Fire feels like a brick, it's hard to grab.The main problem with the Kindle Fire is that Apple iPad have set the bar too high.  If you're an Apple iPad owner, you might be disappointed.  I know many of you had high hopes for the Kindle Fire, but you just get what you pay for, a cheap Android device under the name of Kindle Fire.A.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Matrix of shiny little dots overlay the screen", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AI0XHRRV2ZAT3", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Martin \"M\"", "helpful": [52, 68], "reviewText": "First, I am a loyal Prime Amazon customer and have purchased thousands of dollars of products.  I purchased a second generation Kindle several years ago and it was a sub-standard product from a mechanical and operational aspect - it was returned.  Having read all the promotional material I pre-ordered a Fire in October.  Why Amazon evidently feels products they produce themselves must be \"cheap\" for the mass market is a mystery and appalling.  People are willing to pay for a well designed and well functioning product.  The Kindle Fire is neither of these.  When holding the unit on your lap the on/off switch on the bottom is easily activated - just poor design.  The firmware and software is by any measurement not fully developed.  The unit is difficult to hold and absolutely requires a cover.  To grip with one hand requires you to place your fingers on the display and the sides of the unit are gloss plastic not conducive to a secure grip.  Activating and operating the touch display is buggy requiring hard taps of the finger to cause various functions to change and sometimes nothing happens requiring a soft reset .  The entire unit has a non-attractive appearance and would best be displayed in toy store environment.I could go on, but come on Amazon - unloading these poorly developed products on the purchaser is eventually going to establish your reputation as, don't be first to buy a new Amazon produced product.  In a few years and later iterations it will probably will be an acceptable product, but I do not have the time or money to invest in Amazon's development process.  The Kindle Fire may be low priced but it is without a doubt a cheap product.  This does not equal valueI looked at and purchased a Barnes & Noble Nook Tablet after returning the Fire - what a huge difference in the product hardware from an appearance and operational aspect for an additional $50 - even less if you have a B&N; membership.  Amazon has  the content superiority versus the B&N; Nook, but to access it will be a continuing and frustrating experience using the Fire, in my opinion.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Getting What You Pay For", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ACB96Y2HLW1FD", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "searad", "helpful": [53, 66], "reviewText": "I received my new Kindle Fire today.  Despite many attempts I am unable to register it,  even though it is connected to wifi with \"good\" signal.  I called customer support. The first support person said my problem was too complicated for her and she forwarded me to the \"Kindle Fire specialists\".  This support person tells me that I need system 6.1, but my brand new Kindle Fire is loaded with 6.0.  It would automatically update the program via wifi - if it was registered.  To upgrade to 6.1 she tells me I must purchase the Kindle USB cable which has the kindle proprietary plug-in on one end and a regular PC plug-in on the other.  I am so disappointed - all of my prior kindle's were perfect!  They won't guarantee that the new cable will slove the problem.  I am returning my Kindle Fire as I consider it to be defective.  The support person also told me I will have to pay the shipping charges for the return because they do not consider this a defect - all I need is to buy another part - and I'd probably have tp pay return shipping on that too.!Since the registration problem is reported widely on the web, Amazon is aware of this problem and has chosen not to address it.  If you are considering buying a Kindle Fire, I recommend you wait a few months until Amazon solves this problem.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Very disappointed", "unixReviewTime": 1321920000, "reviewTime": "11 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ASCV7F82B5JGG", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Spiritt R. Garrett", "helpful": [57, 66], "reviewText": "I've read a lot of reviews regarding the Kindle Fire both before and after receiving mine.A couple complaints are warranted. Others are just ridiculous.WARRANTED Complaints:NO SECURITY: By now you probably know there is no password required for ordering on the Fire. One click ordering is activated from day one and there is no way to turn it off. I can see what Amazon was trying to do. They were trying to make it easy to use. It's a mistake on their part. I'll give you that. But in no way a deal breaker for me. Here's an idea. Don't leave the darn thing behind. You're an adult, be responsible.Also try not letting everyone in your world know when you get one. The device is small enough to \"mind it's own business\".As far as your children being able to order thousands of dollars worth of products (another very big complaint), here's another idea. Tell them not to. They can browse but not buy. If they still order thousands of dollars worth of stuff the problem is your parenting, not the Fire.SHIPPED ALREADY LINKED TO YOUR AMAZON ACCOUNT: Again, I can see where Amazon was trying to make it easy. Particularly for people who are new to Tablets and not necessarily tech pros. Again, not a deal breaker. If you're afraid of someone stealing and ordering things on your Fire, then de-register the device (in the email they send you when they ship it) and then re-register it when you receive it. There is a fix for this so why complain about it?CAN'T WATCH YOUR OWN VIDEOS FROM THE CLOUD: This one broke my heart. I won't lie. BUT! Life goes on. I don't know why it is this way. It just is. But if you're a subscriber to Netflix, Amazon Prime (which everyone is for at least a month), Hulu, and have rented or purchased movies/tv on Amazon, you have PLENTY of videos to watch. But all some people are paying attention to is what they DON'T have.---------------------------------Look people. This thing was $199. The iPad starts at $499. Do you really think you're going to get what you get with an iPad on the Fire? What are you going to do with it. Watch Videos? Surf the net? Listen to music? Check email? It does all of that. And it does it all well. Stop comparing it to an iPad. It's not! The beauty of it is that it doesn't pretend to be. Now if it's consumers would follow suit, you'd be a lot more happy with it.RIDICULOUS Complaints:ANYONE LOOKING AT MY HOME SCREEN CAN SEE EXACTLY WHAT I'VE BEEN DOING: So what! If you've been looking at porn tell them you to get their own if they ask to see it. And if, say, your child was looking at porn, wouldn't you want to know about it? If you're not looking at anything inappropriate here's what you're saying: \"My friend will be able to see that I checked my Facebook status, watched Netflix, and played Angry Birds if they were to look at my Fire\".WHOA!! Alert the media.THE POWER BUTTON IS ON THE BOTTOM AND I KEEP TURNING IT OFF ACCIDENTALLY: Get a case! If you're going to watch videos there are dozens of cases that sit the screen upright so you don't have to hold it. Who wants to hold a tablet while they watch a 2 hr movie?NO DEDICATED HOME BUTTON ON THE DEVICE: Yeah. Ok. The only time the Home button doesn't show up on the screen is when the keyboard is up (just tap the screen any time and you'll see the picture of the house on the bottom left). To get rid of the keyboard to get the home button, you hit one button on the very bottom right. Get over it people. Again, it's not an iPad. Now if you told me there was no home button at all, now we have a problem. But that's not the case.ONLY 8 GB OF STORAGE WITH NO EXPANDABLE MEMORY: And you, of course, have probably heard that after the preinstalled application arrive you're only left with about 6 gb's or so. If you're complaining about this, it's because you've conveniently skipped the flashing lights that this is designed to work with Amazon's vast library. Or maybe you noticed but like to complain. If you're accessing everything through the clouds you don't need to store it on your drive. You just need an internet connection. This essentially allows for infinite storage capacity and, depending on your Amazon Library, Netflix Access, Hulu and other streaming access, you have hundreds of gb's worth of videos on your device. No other Tablet can boast that. Have you tried accessing Amazon videos on your iPad? Try it and let me know what happens.BUT! If you're interested in 64 gb of space, then cough up either $699 for a wifi only iPad, or $829 for a wifi/3G iPad. While you're doing that, I'm using that money to get 3 or 4 of the Kindle Fire and distributing them to my family.I could go on and on but this is probably too long as it is. I love my Fire. I am an avid Amazon user. Real quick, I'll tell you how it saves me money.When I had my iPad I liked to buy Blu Ray movies with digital copies. If they didn't have a digital copy I wasn't interested. This allowed me to watch the movie on my tv (Blu Ray in full HD), the standard dvd usually included allowed people in my household to watch the movie on their non HD TV. Of course the digital copy let me watch it on the iPad.Since all my tv's at home are connected to streaming devices that support Amazon Video and we all have Kindle Fire's, instead of buying a blu ray for $30 to include a digital copy, I buy the same movie on Amazon for $15 and it's already included on all my tv's at home and all of our Fire's, through the cloud.Also I like the portability of the Fire and how it's easier to type on it with two hands than the one hand pecking I did on my iPad.Is the Fire the best product in the world? Not at all. But for the price compared to what it does it is a solid product that you will not be disappointed with. If any of the above complaints were deal breakers for you, get an iPad, Xoom, Galaxy Tab, or a Nook and stop your whining would ya. But then again you'll probably find everything that's wrong with one of those products too.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "An Objective Look At The Kindle Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1324512000, "reviewTime": "12 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1J5MVSK8IR8IF", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [21, 65], "reviewText": "Got the Kindle Fire yesterday & will return it tomorrow.  With all of the competition it has, Amazon really fell short on this one.In addition to the sluggish performance and inconvenient UI (does one really want to have to scroll through all the webpages recently visited-mixed together w/ purchased books, videos & music?), my biggest problem w/ the Fire is WiFi connectivity.It takes an average of four to five minutes just to get connected to a WiFi network- that is if it will connect at all.  90% of the time, the Kindle simply won't connect to the network.  It will either display a \"Timed Out\" type of error message or will just give up.And when I have been fortunate enough to have the stars line up & get the Fire connected to our home WiFi network, it will not stay connected. Unlike our laptops and iPads (which have no problem connecting to our network), the Fire requires you to re-sign in to the network if you do not constantly use it.The Kindle was not advertised nor expected to be an iPad killer, however it was supposed to be a decent alternative for web browsing & media consumption.  But if you can't connect to a network (and again, most of the time you can't), it simply is just a good looking paperweight.I'd wait another couple of generations before pulling the trigger on the Kindle Fire.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "A good looking paper weight!!!", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2NBF7T3PWUYCO", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "T. L. Bruzek \"kindle addict\"", "helpful": [56, 65], "reviewText": "This is a stunning personal media consumption device.  Effortless set up to my wi-fi.  Found both email accounts.  Was able to listen to Pink Floyd and surf the web or read.First off-The screensavers are marvelous, those that hate the e-ink ones will be thrilled...LOLVideo playback was smooth and clear.Some reviewers have commented that touching the right part of the screen to go where you want is not easy. If you are used to a smartphone you will not have a problem with the touch screen.Audio- The loudest setting is not that loud, if you are in a quiet room you can hear it 30 feet away. More than adequate for personal use.  If you are around people and want to listen get a pair of ear buds or headphones(we don't want to hear what you are listening to anyway....for the most part).Reading on the Fire--I would not use it for a marathon 6-8 reading session but for normal reading it will be great. It has a good range of font sizes and styles.  My husband could read the largest font size in the skinniest style from 12 feet away.I understand peoples complaints about hiding covers, your archive shows up right away and the default setting is \"by recent\" my most recent was a bodice ripper with a pg-13 cover...ooops.  Collections have been mentioned as a way to solve this, will have to explore it.The 7\" size is great for my hands, this is a solid device with some heft but with the cover I have there is a strap to slip y hand into making holding it easy.  The Ipad, as light as it is, with it size does get awkward and hard to hold in one hand and tap and type with one hand.The smaller size offers more privacy while you consume your media also.My brother sees it as a \"gateway drug\" for the Ipad or a 10\" android tablet.  As in \"this is so great, if only the screen were a little bigger.\" I don't think so, I've tried carrying around a larger, more expensive device.  Was a hassle to dig out of my bag, anyone and everyone could see the screen then you had to dink around getting it back in the bag. You also have to be so darn careful not to smack the bag into stuff like a door. While noone plans to lose it, the cost is alot easier to eat than and Ipad or Xoom and such.I've also carried around my e-ink Kindle, it is very easy to get in and out of a bag on the shoulder, you don't have to be as careful with a smaller bag.If you buy this for the right reasons and know what is does and doesn't have or do you will be happy.***Just wanted to clarify that I could stream music plus read or surf at the same time I had the music going.***", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Stunning", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3ECVJBUC4OFK8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Sara", "helpful": [49, 65], "reviewText": "Kindle Fire, Full Color 7\" Multi-touch Display, Wi-FiUnfortunately both Kindle Fire's I purchased suffered from severe light bleeding and image ghosting/burn in out of the box.  Must be some quality control issues with this product for both to have this issue on day one, hopefully the replacements will work better.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Light Bleeding and Ghosting", "unixReviewTime": 1326153600, "reviewTime": "01 10, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A3M34NPTGTSIWI", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [27, 64], "reviewText": "**Updating review now that I've had it for a full day**Things I love:1)  Simplicity of OS -- very slick and well design2)  Integration with Amazon store is amazing3)  Free streaming videos for Prime members4)  Screen looks really good for videos5)  I love the 7 inch screen, will never go for a 9 inch iPad5 complaints:1)  Screen is terrible for fingerprints and dirt.  Two seconds of use and it is covered.  I don't want to use screen protectors so I'm not sure what my plan should be.2)  It is heavier than I imagined.  Way, way heavier than my e-ink Kindle (latest generation).3)  Wifi seems weak in terms of finding signals (couldn't connect to wifi that my phone did).4)  No home button or any buttons at all.  Really annoying.  There is a digital home button available SOMETIMES but not always, and seemingly never when you need it.  You feel kind of lost when you're stuck on a page and just hitting the screen randomly for options to come up to move.  Needs at least one hardware button.5)  Web pages can render slightly slow, even on a good wifi connection.  Overall web surfing is slower than iPad but still reasonably fast.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Fingerprints everywhere... but so far I like it", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AFPLVA4O0ESU", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Russell W Alexander", "helpful": [53, 64], "reviewText": "I am writing this review while sitting at starbucks using my Kindle Fire!  Heavier than I expected, but it feels good in my hands.  Very well put together and easy to use.  Internet has been quick for me.  Love it so far.  It was already registered for me which was really cool also.  Screen is nice and bright.  I ill update in a few days.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "feels right", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AHBX8XI0OJQFQ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 64], "reviewText": "I have a 2 year old Kindle and it works great, never any problems.  Was thinking of getting a FIRE.  Found out that Amazon belongs to A.L.E.C. and that ALEC supports voter suppression of American citizens, so I'm getting a NOOK for Christmas.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "A.L.E.C", "unixReviewTime": 1322956800, "reviewTime": "12 4, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1G7JNK9CQE0LR", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "David T. Tuszynski", "helpful": [49, 63], "reviewText": "i went in knowing it wasn't going to come close to an iPad.  Amazon sold me on their \"cloud\" concept, or rather what I thought the cloud was. Waited 2 months to get my Fire, and I was extremely disappointed in less than 30 minutes.  In reading what material there was on the Fire, I preloaded my \"cloud\" with some music, pictures, and videos so that I could use the Fire as soon as it arrived.  What Amazon did not mention was that my personal uploaded video, docs, and pics were NOT going to be able to be streamed to my Kindle Fire.  Only your MP3 music files and Amazon purchased content will work.  You can however, purchase a separate cable and transfer video, docs, and pics directly to the device and view them using the \"gallery\" app.  Having only 6gigs of usable space, this process totally defeats the whole purpose of having a \"cloud\" in the first place.  I am returning the device because this cloud problem was the definite deal breaker for me, as i planned on purchasing even more cloud space in order to stream any of my content whenever I wanted without worrying about sd cards, or syncing my device to my pc.  In addition, it got very annoying, very quickly having to tap my selections more than once to get them going.  I agree with others in regard to the placement of the power button, that should have been caught way back in the beta stage somewhere.  These things are very fixable, whether Amazon cares to will remain to be seen.  I personally don't think they were looking to break into the tablet market, just create a device with which to sell there media content to. Kind of like the old \"11 cd's for a penny\" clubs, just purchase a few at regular club prices.  In my opinion Amazon was extremely vague in describing their cloud service, and the Fire's capabilities.  That alone more than irritates me, as I have been a loyal Amazon customer for many years.  They'll get their Fire back, and learned a lesson in buying first generation tech gear!!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Unexpected Huge Miss for Amazon", "unixReviewTime": 1322092800, "reviewTime": "11 24, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3AJMV3HZBYWE5", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [16, 63], "reviewText": "First of all, I have to say that I love Amazon website and all their services. I have never been disappointed in any of my Amazon orders. Unfortunately, I have received the defective unit and all I could do, just to turn it on, connected it to my wifi network and installed the update. Once the update has been installed, the unit stuck on splash/logo screen. I have to admit, when I called the customer support, I was very impressed with the professionalism of the customer support specialist I was talking to. I went through the standard set of operations, but none of them has fixed the issue. Maybe Amazon Fire is a great table, assuming it works, but I cancelled my order right after this (not the best first impression), and ordered B&N Nook tablet instead. I really care about storage since I am planning to put some movies on it for my son, and microphone and SD card slot are definitely worth extra $50.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Terrible Experience", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AXEMBXGIUYDK0", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 63], "reviewText": "My Kindle fire arrived this morning, after 6 HOURS of trying to register it, I finally used my laptop to register, only for it to be registered through the website, but not the kindle.  My old Kindle keyboard was so much more user friendly than this.  The main problem is the fact that it REFUSES to turn the wireless ON.  HELLO??? That's a MAJOR issue.  I'm sending it back first thing in the morning.  I'll stick with the old one. My suggestion is don't waste your money and just keep your old one, dont spend the money for this piece of crap.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "a piece of crap. save your money", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2NOG7Q4WCM8CK", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [14, 62], "reviewText": "I had high hopes but they were dashed after the update.  Unit restarted and froze on \"Kinle Fire\" screen.  That is all she wrote..after waiting weeks and looking forward to using the unit.  For 1/2 hour all I saw was Kindle Fire....and now...the fire is extinguished.  Too bad.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Mine was D.o.A on arrival", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AJY202858U1JW", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Joe C", "helpful": [49, 62], "reviewText": "Seriously people... Reviews are based on the product itself, and your experience USING the product. You don't post ONE STAR reviews based on shipping and other nonsense. As for my review on the Fire, I actually give it four stars. I gave it 5 stars just to make up for some of the dumb one star ratings.In sum. This is NOT an IPAD KILLER. This device is meant for people who love AMAZON and want a smaller device with less capabilities than a iPad to carry around.People who are relying on this one device for all your needs are out of luck, you should just get an iPad.I have an iPhone 4S already, so I do not need all these extra things the Fire doesn't have. An iPad is basically a big version of the iPhone.The general: This is a short review. Not meant to be in depth.PROS: Small, lightweight, various multimedia content available, great internet browser. 169 PPI, the iPad has less PPI or pixels per inch at 132. Though the screen is smaller, the picture quality is better than the iPad. Fast processor, similar to the iPad. Supports flash, unlike the iPad. Good battery around 8 hrs. Lots of free books and apps.CONS: No camera or Microphone, however I already have an iPhone 4S for that. Small storage internally, has only 8 gb. In the future Amazon should be upgrading the Amazon cloud storage space, currently we are allowed 5gb of non-amazon content. Does not support all e-reader files, for example ones from B&N; or Kobo Vox. However amazon e-reader files are very popular since it owns most of the market share in e-readers.I will update more on my experience with this device in a couple of days. When you first power on the device there is a nice presentation that guides you on how to use this device. It is pre-loaded with the amazon app and pulse. There is a very wide selection of apps to choose from, all the well known ones we all use like facebook, twitter, foursquare, angry birds, IMBd, espn.. etc are all available.Day Two: I am experiencing problems with the touch screen on the web browser. At certain times when I just loaded a web page it seems as if the browser froze, where I'm scrolling on the screen and it doesn't move. To get out of this, I have to zoom in onto the screen a little bit. If I zoom more out, the problem still doesn't fix itself. Note this this issue only occurs on some websites, especially ones that are complex, this is something Amazon needs to fix.Second issue is documents on the cloud. I put documents on the my cloud and am not seeing them on the kindle fires document section for cloud. It says send documents to -----@kindle.com, my kindle email. I did that and so far no good. I am hearing reports that this is an issue Amazon is trying to fix.Other small problems. The amazon app is terrible, unorganized and not the same as the browser version. Its better to just use amazon.com on your web browser where its exactly the same like if you were on a computer.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Stop posting ONE STAR Reviews unrelated to Kindle Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A39WE4FNJLR0BK", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [15, 61], "reviewText": "The new Kindle Fire is a dud.  Even with the low price point it misses by a wide margin.  Had I not thrown out the packaging I would return it.Few notes:1. Web Browser: incredibly slow.... in all seriousness my mobile phone on 3g/4g loads pages faster than the Fire does on wifi.  It's taking the better part of 15 seconds to load a page.  For a tablet on wifi, I'd call that unusable.2.  Buggy.  Scrolling is not smooth. Occasionally you scroll down and it suddenly will pop to the top of a page.  Browser and apps occasionally quit.3.  Apps.  Terribly small selection of apps.4.  No Google anything.  Google docs?  Google Maps?  Gmail app?  Google Calendar?  Nope - all missing, not in the app store, etc.  For someone that uses google apps for all their email / calendar / contacts / etc... you can imagine how underwhelming this is.On a positive note, you can buy lots of stuff from amazon and read a kindle similar to the ipad or web app.  Both of which I could already do....Sorry amazon.  Kindle Fire = fail.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Swing and a Miss", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A11DG4S0R78NEP", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [0, 60], "reviewText": "My kindle fire didn't get here until today while most people got there's early. I'm never gonna pre-order from amazon again.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire was late", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1D7SCWHRHZG72", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Patrick Louise \"chaos09\"", "helpful": [53, 60], "reviewText": "Just got the kindle fire in the mail at noon. Its a gift for my mom.  I gotta say its a amazing product.  I messed with it 5 hours Straight adding netflix, hbo go, as well as other apps.  Ive been teaching my mom as I was adding apps.  Very easy interface and she picked it up right away. (Shes 50)Ive had a htc evo for over a year and a half so I know android OS pretty well.For those that posted oh the amazon market is closed off really need to learn there android sites better.Also honesty there's no tablet out there that handles flash as well as this tablet does.  Meaning when I go to espn for example and click on the video on the main page it loads the video right there..when most tablets will 1. either crash or 2.(like my evo) ask to load it in a streaming player.I was like..ok are you kidding me?  This tablet loads everything my pc does. And super fast.  Ive seen speed tests on youtube and really the best tests are very heavy flash sites like epsn and cnn.  And it loaded in less then a second.So for those pointing to the ipad. While the screen is of course bigger people ALWAYS wanna forget it doesn't support flash which was always a deal breaker for a ipad for me...that and the price which I think apple is realizing now is too high.Face it people this is the best android tablet on the market period and I tried them all.  Anyone on the fence about this tablet.  Don't be. Its well worth it.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Best Android Tablet on the Market Period!", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1EWC8F0SBK95V", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Trooper Al", "helpful": [50, 60], "reviewText": "Now that I've had this for a year I am changing my review.  The battery life is good as long as I don't leave it on-line while I am reading.  There is no reason to do that anyway.  It has been reliable and easy to use and for the price it is a bargain", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Great", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3P09GI06CGD3B", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Ed Dwan", "helpful": [47, 60], "reviewText": "As a long-time Amazon customer and Kindle user, I also eagerly anticipated Amazon's initial foray into the tablet world. I bought the Fire as a go-between our iPad2 and laptop.  Needless to say, I'm extremely disappointed and will return the Fire and its overpriced case forthwith.  I won't reiterate in detail what others have already said are the main sticking points of this device (no security, lack of privacy, and limited / poorly designed user interface and controls,) other than to say they are spot-on.  While I had absolutely no trouble with registration or establishing connection to Wi-Fi, I'm just not satisfied with the quality and build of the product.  I hope Amazon will take to heart the comments and critiques and do a better job with the 2nd Generation Fire.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Wait for 2nd Generation", "unixReviewTime": 1322179200, "reviewTime": "11 25, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3VWL3NOGEXC6I", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "laddison", "helpful": [47, 58], "reviewText": "My family loves the Kindle product and we were anxiously awaiting the release of the Kindle Fire. We consider it an affordable substitution for an ipad for our children. I really love the product. The device itself does not disappoint.My concern is that there is no way to filter internet content or set up any parental controls.I don't know a lot of parents who are willing to hand their children a personal device that allows them complete open access to any and everything on the internet as well as ability to download any movies of their choosing, regardless of rating.I discused at length with Kindle customer service and supposedly, I am the only parent who has this concern and they had not received any other inquiries in this regard from anyone else. Surely, this cannot be the case and I am not the only parent who does not allow their children exposure to innappropriate content.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "FRUSTRATED--Parents be aware!", "unixReviewTime": 1323216000, "reviewTime": "12 7, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A7HXQOPD1MBCA", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [30, 55], "reviewText": "Based on many of the one star ratings on the Fire, I am convinced that many of the \"critics\" have to be school kids. Instead of taking up shipping issues with Amazon they post one star ratings on the product. Even worse, most offer childish comments to go with it. Please, if you purchase the product, give a 1/2 way intelligent review (good or bad) and everyone can benefit from it. Otherwise, please STFU. As far as the Fire goes, it is a good product for the price. I would probably pay a $100 more for expandable memory, camera, etc., but you get what you pay for. Amazon is not \"saying\" it is the IPad killer. That is Internet hype. Don't blame Amazon for putting out a decent product at a low price, just because it doesn't do what you want. It is a free country and you are free to spend the extra money for a product that does.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Amazon should remove most of the 1 star ratings (and require posters to be over 14", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AK4CMPLJZI58I", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Cat Lover \"Just buy it!!!!\"", "helpful": [43, 55], "reviewText": "I received the Kindle Fire last week.  I tried several times to log onto a Wi-Fi connection with no luck.  You have to register the Fire before you can do anything, including reading the User Guide.  After speaking with four technicians it was determined that I need a System Batch Update, which requires a USB cable.  It is my understanding that the Kindle Fire is the only Kindle that does not come with the USB cable.  So, I have ordered the cable and once received I am to call back to see if they can perform a System Batch Update so that I can register the darn thing.  Basically, I've had it for almost a week and I still cannot use even one function on it except for the on/off switch AND I had to pay for a USB cable for an system update that should have been corrected before it was shipped.  The topper is that the last technician I spoke with stated he wasn't completely sure that the system update would cure the problem!  While I do not have a regular Kindle, my friends rave about them, which is why I really thought the Fire would be a great item.  Unfortunately, I will most likely ship it back and shell out the extra money for an Ipad.  I hate to do it, but I really want a product that actually works.  Bottom line.....if you buy one, make sure you buy the USB cable also, but really....don't waste your money on either of them.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "What a Disappointment", "unixReviewTime": 1322265600, "reviewTime": "11 26, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2JCU8WH9O4IBL", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [24, 54], "reviewText": "The disappointment with the Kindle Fire began with the shipping package.  I can understand that Amazon would want to put its customers' focus on the book reader upon arrival, but sheesh!  Talk about bare-bones packaging!  the reader, a power cord and a set-up card tastefully laid out in what amounted to a dull egg carton.  Amazon might as well have shrunk-wrapped the thing to a piece of cardboard and shipped it in one the usual smiley boxes.  The excitement of opening the package would have been on the same level as this was.The dull packaging might have been quickly dismissed if I could have played with the Kindle Fire immediately.  But I received it at my place of work and there is no open wi-fi at my office, so though the Fire arrived charged and was able to power up, it would not allow me to do one blessed thing with it until it was registered.  I mean, I could not even look at the included dictionary. Nothing!  I tried in vain to leach a signal from the hotel in the building nextdoor but it was too weak and the registration process kept timing out.  With nothing but a wallpaper shot of fountain pen nibs to flash at my office buds, I put the Fire back into its egg carton.  I would have to wait until I got it home.The Fire found my home network fairly quickly and the resigtration process must have gone partially though at the office because I didn't have to re-enter my passowrd.  It was a kick to see my previous Kindle book purchases start to show up on the bookshelf (though I don't know why THE GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO no longer had the original cool-looking cover.)  The idea of a carousal of titles on a bookshelf struck me as odd, not to mention that it behaved unweildly and the large app icons looked out of place next to the book covers.As I continued to play with the Fire I began to realize two things:  it was very heavy and the screen was incredibly glaring.  It wasn't long before my arm began to ache from holding the thing up and my eyes were getting tired.  My eyes continued to get a workout from the web browser--each page I navigated to was initially blurry until I expanded it and made the text larger.I went to the App Store and got the official Twitter, Inc. app, which actually took me to the Twitter web page where I found the text way too small (and with no way to make it larger.)I opened Amazon Prime videos and tried to watch a little of CABARET.  The sound level was low even when I had the video viewer audio turned all the way up.I went to look at the magazine selection in the Newsstand store (which was very impressive!)  A message told me that I needed to download and install an update before I could view a magazine.  I did so a number of times, but I continuously got the same message at the Newsstand store.I found myself picking up my iPhone more and more to search the web and Twitter to see what other Kindle Fire users were experiencing.  And I had to ask myself, why was I looking for this info on the iPhone and not on the Kindle?  And the answer came to me--because it was easier and more comfortable.  The more I tried to use the Kindle Fire, the more frustrated I became with the non-intuitive controls and the overall slow response.  Typing on the screen keyboard was worse than it ever was on the iPhone--errors galore.  I found I was repeatedly hitting the Home button to get out of whatever was not working (and realizing just how ugly the home screen is.)  My arm was aching and the eyestrain was turning into a headache.I went back to the books and opened the biography I've been currently reading.  After turning a few pages I found the glare was just too unbearable.  I thought, \"Okay--I'll order a pack of screen protectors.  That should cut down the glare.\"  I put the Fire down and reached for my iPhone to order the protectors.  And that's when I realized that the Kindle Fire was a #Fail.  I repacked the Fire back into its box (nothing much there to repack) and printed out the return label.  Just need to drop it off at the UPS Store.It's a shame because I was so looking forward to the Fire--I ordered it the day it was announced.  I knew even then that this was not going to be an iPad.  But it fails for me as a book reader.  For now, I'll stick with the simplicity of my original Kindle with its clear, easy-to-read electric ink screen.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "A Total Bust", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A101F2I00TDKYA", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 53], "reviewText": "For the first time in years I am completely disappointed in Amazon. I opened the mailbox and there's my kindle fire that I ordered for my daughter for Christmas. Great but no, not really because she's in the car with me and on the outside of the box it states very clearly kindle fire. Thanks Amazon, guess what I'm sending it back and now I'm getting her an iPhone because hey, I wanted her to be surprised.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "WARNING", "unixReviewTime": 1321660800, "reviewTime": "11 19, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2FHM5FB0BXKGA", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 53], "reviewText": "Kindle Fire, Full Color 7\" Multi-touch Display, Wi-FiNovember 16, 2011 was a day of jubilation for me.  My pre-ordered  Fire was delivered and the Barnes & Noble Store emailed me to come pick up my pre-ordered Nook Tablet. Two 7\" tablets in one day! The Nook price for members of B&N; was $224 in the store, but is regularly $249. (I bought one as a gift at the store for $224 a few days ago, however)My first job was to compare them side by side, trying to do the same things on each. On the basis of that comparison, I gave the Fire 3 stars; however, subsequent comparison led me to subtract a star.Out of the box, the Fire is 71/2\" with a slim bezel and the Nook Tablet is 8 1/4\" with a wider bezel. That makes the Tablet easier to hold without accidentally touching the screen.  The Fire weighs 14.5 oz. and the Nook, 14.1 oz.  Surprisingly, I found that despite the apparently small difference in weight, the Fire feels much heavier, more klunky.  The Nook Tablet is ergonomically better designed.  It's longer, slimmer shape is easier to hold for long periods.Both devices boast of displaying 16,000,000 colors and the same number of pixels.  Pictures on The National Geographic are gorgeous on both. Although the Netflix movie I downloaded on the Nook seemed slightly sharper than the Prime movie on the Fire, I'd rank them as equivalent.  Picture quality depends not only on the device, but on how the movie is delivered and the quality of the film itself.Both devices have inadequate speakers unless you use earphones.  Neither projected enough sound for me to hear unaided. Those with keener hearing may not have this problem.Both devices use a dual core processor for speed and smoothness.Memory is very different in the Fire and the Nook.  The Fire has only 8G of memory, but it compensates for that by providing 5G of Cloud storage free.  If you require more space, you pay a small fee.Nook Tablet has 16G memory of which 1G is for personal storage.  However, the Nook also has a slot for an SD card up to 32G.  The Nook Tablet also comes with a USB port and cord so you can download documents, videos, music and photographs onto  it.  It has a Gallery for pictures and slideshows, a My Music site for downloaded music, and a My Media site, which you can download movies to. You can also download documents and even books. You can also go to My Stuff to see the folders with all your downloads.You can send documents to your Fire via email.  On the Nook, you have to download them. My sister-in-law says she's never had a problem with her Kindle or Fire in transferring documents. She transfers magazines regularly.From the reviews of the Fire, I learned that you can buy a USB cable for it  to download material from your computer.  However, I couldn't find a destination for downloaded photographs or to display slide shows. I'm sure techies have figured this out, but, I'm not a techie, although I love technology.  The point is that you don't have to be a techie and you don't have to sideload if you want your pictures and videos on your Nook Tablet.The Nook also comes with Pandora, which the Fire doesn't.  Amazon wants you to buy all your music from them.  Asoted above, there's no way to download music from your computer onto the Fire.  Again, I'm sure savvy users can figure out how to get around this obstacle on the Fire.  The Nook has no such obstacle.Surfing the web was equally fast on both devices, but I liked the Fire's display of icons of web pages below the search bar.  The Nook takes you to the Barnes & Noble website and you have to type in the site you want. So, the Fire beats out the Nook on web surfing.The other thing that the Fire has that is appealing is an option to borrow a book a month from a selected list if you're an Amazon Prime member (which I am.)  Nook doesn't have that.The touch screens on the 2 devices are very different.  The Fire uses multi-touch and the Nook uses vivid-touch, a very sensitive capacitive screen.  You glide your finger lightly on the screen with no pressure or, when selecting a menu, hold it lightly on a word for a split second.  One gets a pleasing tactile experience with the Nook.  The Fire's screen experience is well-illustrated by my magazine search on it.Deciding to check the magazines each sold, I went to the Fire site. They listed 17 Best Sellers, and no others.  The Nook listed 197 in alphabetical order, making it easy to browse.  I couldn't believe that Fire wouldn't sell National Geographic, Discover, Consumer Reports, and the  like.  So I did a manual search, which proved to be annoyingly tedious.Pressing in the search bar to get the keyboard was very erratic.  Once I pressed 4 times and then the keyboard flashed on but disappeared immediately. Since I've had an iPhone since its inception, and a NOOKcolor touch eReader, I'm no stranger to touch screens. On the Fire, different degrees of pressure were required at different times.  Sometimes you have to jab it.  No wonder Amazon sells a stylus for it.  There is no stylus for the Nook because it doesn't need one.The magazine search illustrates the awkwardness of some Fire functions.  To give another example, B&N; has hundreds of Enhanced Editions (Vooks), books with embedded video, audio, and animation.  These play on the Nook Tablet and the NOOKcolor.  I searched for Vooks on the Fire, finally finding a list of Enhanced Editions--with a notation that these could not be played on the Fire. They play only via the  Kindle App on the iPad.  Huh? Fire owners can't get the latest innovation in books?  Well, Nook owners can get them.However, you can get a Nook app for the Fire.  If you're savvy enough, you can buy the Vooks from Barnes and Noble and sideload them onto the Fire, reading them with the Nook app. So, you can get the Fire to be more like the Nook by finagling it. However, no amount of finagling will substitute the Fire's deficit in its eReader. Nor is there any need to finagle the Nook to be more like the Tablet.Both devices allow you to look up a word in a dictionary, Wikipedia or Google.  Both allow readers to highlight and write a note while reading. Both devices allow you to change the font, print size, brightness, page color, line spacing, and margins.  Both allow you to search a name to jog your memory. This is especially useful in biographies and 1000 page Russian novels.  Mystery lovers tell me it is wonderful for keeping track of suspects. Up to this point, they are equal,except that the Nook Tablet's menu navigatons are quicker than the Fire's and more intuitive.  When you bring  up the menu on the Fire, it gives a couple of choices and then a More. You hit More and get more menu choices, leading to another More.  In contrast, the menu on the Nook displays all the choices in a row and you click on the one you want.  The Fire doesn't have as many choices as the Nook, because the Fire doesn't allow you to share passages with Contacts, Facebook, etc. The Nook does.The worst thing about the Fire's eReader is that it doesn't display page numbers, only \"locations.\"  This renders it useless for students or scholars. You can't cite the origin of an idea or fact by saying it was on \"location 6325.\"  Amazon doesn't give any table of equivalents between \"locations\" and pages.  The odd thing is that the Kindle Touch does use pages. Why did Amazon revert to the worst flaw in the original Kindle when they designed the Fire?Barnes & Noble uses page numbers. Therefore,  it has a \"Go to Page\" button.  Then there is a Back button to get instantly to where you started from.  A neat feature of this \"Go to\" and \"Back\" pair is that you can go to more than one page at a time. Then the Back button goes back in reverse order to every page you went to. If you're reading text with a Concordance, this feature is a joy.Both devices sync pages on every device you have that's registered to your name.  Both allow 6 devices registered to one person. This makes it possible for my husband, my sister-in-law, and me to read the same books, which is wonderful.  The Nook allows you to choose between keeping the page on the one you're reading, or to sync it with another.  That means 2 people can be reading the same book at the same time without losing their places.  My sister-in-law tells me that the Kindle's sync prevents this.  Each device syncs to the same page.For ease of use, elegance, and features entirely missing on the Fire, the Nook was worth the extra $25 it cost.  I returned the Fire.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "The Fire vs. The Nook Tablet", "unixReviewTime": 1322784000, "reviewTime": "12 2, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A37ULP15WVK2H6", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Melissa Lauderdale \"misca\"", "helpful": [48, 53], "reviewText": "FYI- I have only touched an Ipad once, so I do not have any other experience to go off of a tablet! Just received my Kindle Fire about 30 minutes ago, and wanted to share my first impressions of my new kindle. To start, setup was very easy, as long as you remember what your wi-fi password is for your home(dont use it constantly so had to think about it).PROS:Colors are very vivid: There is some glare from the inside lights(received mine about 6:30 so it was dusk outside):screen is very easy to use, scrolling and picking out what you need: It does show everything that you have used constantly(I am one of those people that have a lot of the free romance books that Amazon has so it's kind of embarrasing! beware of that if your shy or will use in public.-Facebook-works great, Pandora-good sound quality, you can play it in the background while you do other things, Youtube-didn't have any problem playing it, but the sound is a down, but I put that to the sound quality of youtube, not the Fire's capabilitiesInstant Stream for Prime- Something i was most excited about, it shows up instantly that you touch the videos. Streamed quick, sound all the way up is good enough to listen without headphones as long as it isn't to loud.Internet-haven't used it for much yet, but the slight, and I do mean slight lag is not a problem.CONS:Screen brightness: If you aren't used to a tablet with the backlit screen(like me, I had only the Kindle 3g) it is VERY bright. It kind of made my eyes hurt a little bit, and I don't like how I was changing the brightness level.Reading: I really hope I get used to this, or I will not be doing reading on this, and instead go back to my Kindle 3g. The screen is very bright, although they give you 3 options to choose from of colors( White/Black, Black/White, or a slight yellow matte background with black letters) the last one I think I will be using for a while until I can get used to the brightness. Screen is also very sensitive, and it will take time to get used to not haveing the buttons on the side.To stay on the reading, and more of something that I think they should change for options, is we should have the x-ray option, I don't like how you can't check up the book your looking up on the internet, straight from the source, and I would really like the option to rate, and write a review straight from the books' menu.Overall my impression is that it is a great MEDIA tablet, which is exactly what it is touted to be. I think I will be very happy with this once I get used to it, and I will try and update this once I have more time with it!UPDATE 1 DAY LATER: The brightness you get used to, thank God! I was reading on it last night and my eyes adjusted. Pictures that you transfer over can be put in your gallery(under apps), and they are so vivid!Music from your music folder- Easy enough. If you have ever moved over a file to a mp3 or something else, it is as simple as click and drag. Just make sure it is one of the accepted files(look on the product page for this).Children- I have a 2 year old, and I had a lot of the apps that I downloaded on my Android phone, to let her play with. She loves playing the games, and she stole my fire out of my hands when I downloaded Elmo. It is a perfect size for her to hold on the couch and watch", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Stay at home Mom-My review so far", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AL01HDV573Q7K", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [0, 53], "reviewText": "Has nobody learned how the rich get richer? Whay do you think Protesting IS EVERYWHERE???We just gotta keep getting EVERYTHING who REALLY cant afford it!Then those of you are pissed at them and their RICHES.You'll look at it for two weeks then put it somewhere and not finding it.They are taking our money and laughing straight to bank AGAIN.ALL you guys fall for it, The END.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "NOT HELPING THE RICH GET RICHER!", "unixReviewTime": 1323043200, "reviewTime": "12 5, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A11KG5KLECYTEX", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 52], "reviewText": "I'm a new purchaser of the Kindle Fire and has yet to receive it, wondering if it allows you to watch netflix? I received my answer no more responses needed. Thanks 12/7/2011", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire CAN you watch Netflix - Not an actual review", "unixReviewTime": 1323129600, "reviewTime": "12 6, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3GG5C1EQ0Y7KO", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "nick", "helpful": [40, 51], "reviewText": "I have had this 7 days and I am on my 8th time having to set it up all over. Everytime I try and open a video (youtube, amazon videos via 1 month free prime, or netflix) this amazing product locks up and gives me an error saying that it has detected a problem with one of the applications and need to shut down and reset to it's orginal setting. Having a secure wireless with 20+ code with letters and numbers, this is awesome. You have no choice when you get this message, it is not asking it is telling. It locks up, you can't use for 30+ min, then you get the joy of setting everything all over just like you did when you opened the box. it's like the gift that keeps giving....except I don't want the experience of setting this up over and over....this is not a good product for the money.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Don't waste your money / time", "unixReviewTime": 1322352000, "reviewTime": "11 27, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A7I40QJF2AM82", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Gator Crunch", "helpful": [46, 51], "reviewText": "I have had the Kindle Fire for a little over a week now, and I think that is enough time to provide my first impressions on the device. The first and most important thing that should be said is that this is not an \"iPad-killer.\" It is not designed to be. I have seen so many articles and comments comparing this to the iPad, and surveys where people are asked if they will be buying a Kindle Fire over an iPad this Christmas. If you are expecting an iPad, or even a tablet, you will be disappointed. The main purpose of this device is to deliver Amazon content to you more effectively. It is designed for consumption, not creation. That is the reason it is so cheap and why Amazon is taking a loss on it. They are hoping to make up for that loss through sales of videos, music, books, and apps through Amazon's Web Services. You can also use it to view your own movies and media, but will find that it is more limited in that way than a regular tablet. Personally, as someone who has ordered several rentals from Amazon Video, and had to contact customer support for every single one of them due to problems with Amazon's Unbox player or purchases not appearing in my downloads, I can really appreciate this. But if you don't plan on using Amazon at all to obtain your media, you may want to take this into consideration before purchasing the Fire. Additionally, the reason this product is so hyped, and one of the reasons I like it so much, is due to the ridiculously low price. Amazon reviews shouldn't focus on price, but it is hard not to with this device. On price alone, this is a five star device. However when looked at the Fire overall, and when compared with other touch devices (what little there is to compare it to), I have to give it four stars, since there are a few areas I feel could use definite improvement.FORM FACTOR - The Kindle Fire feels almost the same in my hand as my 3rd generation Kindle but it is a bit heavier. It might be difficult to hold it one handed and read a book for an hour or watch a movie. You're going to need to rest it on something. The display is made of Gorilla Glass, which is a highly damage-resistant. You can still crack it, but I have used a phone with Gorilla Glass for two years on it and it has zero scratches on it despite being kept daily in my pocket with my keys. The back of the tablet is rubberized, so it won't slide around and won't get scratched easily. It also feels good in my hand. Despite all the companies that will be selling them, I do not think you need a screen protector. I have scratched Gorilla Glass before, but it is very difficult to do.CONNECTIONS/STORAGE - On the bottom are a headphone port (which will accept external speakers), micro-USB (for charging and file transfer), and power button. The Fire doesn't come with an SD card slot, with good reason. As mentioned, Amazon wants you to get content directly from them. It also reduces the production costs. You can transfer your own content to the device through the USB connection from your home computer. The Fire comes with 8Gb of storage, which is enough to hold about 8 downloaded movies, 80 apps, 800 songs, or 6,000 books. I filled mine up right away so I never checked it out of the box, but apparently it is closer to 6.5Gb as the OS is going to take up some of this. You have to really become adept at managing your content through the Cloud. Books won't take up much room, but magazines are around 250Mb and movies are a little under 1 Gb. Free videos available through Amazon Prime cannot be downloaded, only streamed. So unless you buy a movie from Amazon or transfer one of your own, you must be connected through a wi-fi connection in order to watch your movie.AMAZON CLOUD - If you have not tried out the Amazon Cloud Drive, you will be pleasantly surprised. You get 5Gb (which they will probably increase in the near future) of free online storage to store anything you want, and you can access it from anywhere. This combines very nicely with the Fire. 5Gb isn't much for my collection, so I upgraded to a higher plan (rates are $1 per extra gigabyte per year). I can upload a playlist to it and listen to it on my home computer, then when I get to work the Fire can access it and pick it up where I left off. Any songs you get from Amazon Mp3 are automatically stored on the Cloud and don't contribute to the 5Gb storage space.E-READER - This was going to be the big determination in whether I should get a Fire or the new Kindle Touch. Ultimately I ended up getting both since I prefer the E-Ink technology to the backlit display of the Fire. If you are the type of person who reads a lot and expect to spend at least 50% of your use on reading books, I don't think you will be satisfied with the Fire over your Kindle 3 or the Kindle Touch, Wi-Fi, 6\" E Ink Display - includes Special Offers & Sponsored Screensavers. It just isn't the same, and after hours of reading, the display would make my eyes hurt a bit (just like with any tablet). However it is nice not to have to use a lighted cover to see my books in the dark. The Kindle Fire is difficult to read in bright sunlight or on the beach. The touch navigation is very nice, but it doesn't function as nicely or quickly as it does on the iPad or even the Kindle Touch. This can be a problem for me, and the main reason I am using the Kindle Touch for reading books. Additionally, the Fire doesn't support real page numbers, even though the Touch does. So you have to use that ridiculous \"location 121 of 16077 - 2%\" format. A year of that with my last Kindle and I still don't understand what that means. They need to fix this in an update. Being able to touch a word and have it bring up the dictionary is incredibly convenient and takes less than 2 seconds. But still, the Kindle Touch handily beats the Fire for reading.MAGAZINES - The Kindle Fire can also handle magazines, however the display is just too small to be an enjoyable reading experience. I tried out several different magazines, and the main problem I had was with the formatting. I tried to read an issue of Bon Appetit and my eyes were straining after three pages. There is no way to read a single article without zooming. The Fire handles magazines two ways: with Page View, which shows the original magazine display, and with Text View, which attempts to just provide the text of the article. A lot of magazines these days have several things going on in one page, with multiple columns, little sidebars and boxes everywhere, etc. I couldn't view a lot of this without zooming, the text is just too small. So Page View did not work very well for magazines like this. It is especially tough with magazines like Entertainment Weekly, Men's Health, GQ, etc. I found magazines like that unreadable on the 7\" display. Magazines that focused mostly on the article, like Nature, Wired, etc, were handled much better. Some magazines even come integrated with embedded video and audio, which is a very nice feature, and one I can see being very useful for things like Men's Health, but I haven't had as much of a chance to use it yet. Text View is a very nice feature that works mostly well, but seems to get a bit confused with magazines that have complicated formatting, so it pretty much defeats the purpose since those are the ones I need it for the most.COMIC READER - This is one of the main reasons I purchased the Fire. Amazon has a fairly extensive collection of comic books available for the Fire, including an exclusive deal with DC to publish many of their books. In addition to a proprietary comic reader that comes on the Fire, Amazon also has a Comics by ComiXology app available to purchase issues and subscriptions through. Although I initially thought the 7\" display would be too small, it is actually decent enough to serve as a comic reader. I would definitely prefer a 10\" version if they came out with one in the future. A 10\" tablet is still the way to go for comics, but if you're looking for a cheaper option and portability, the Fire isn't too bad, and definitely beats a smart phone. It has a \"panel by panel\" feature that lets you scroll through the issue by different panels, which it will then zoom in on. You tap the panel when done, and it moves to the next panel. This is great for getting a larger view and working around the size restriction, especially since some of the text in the comics is just too small to read. I do wish Amazon's comic reader allowed you to scroll through small versions of the pages (like I've seen on another unnamed e-reader), instead of just using a progress bar. Although it is fairly decent, if you are considering the Fire just for comic books, and you are a Marvel fan, you may want to hold off and look at another retailer's device which I think has a few more options. You can load your own .cbr comic files on the Kindle, but you'll need to use a third party app, like Comicat to do it.AMAZON MP3/VIDEO - Amazon hopes that you will get the majority of your content from them. That is why the Fire is so reasonably-priced. If you currently use iTunes, you will love switching to Amazon Mp3. Unlike iTunes, Amazon music is DRM-free. DRM is copy protection. That means that the record labels haven't locked down the music you buy from Amazon to restrict how you use it. For the most part, music purchased on iTunes can only be played with iTunes-compatible devices. That is why you won't be able to use your massive iTunes collection on the Fire (unless your remove DRM and convert them to Mp3 first). But Amazon MP3 music is playable anywhere, even on your Apple devices. It also has a very high bitrate so you are getting great quality. You don't have to worry about not being able to listen to your music 15 years from now if Amazon goes under. It's yours forever. As far as video, I have always disliked Amazon's Video services. The prices are very reasonable and they now have a huge selection, but obtaining the videos is a huge pain due to Amazon's terrible Unbox player. That changes with the Fire, as everything is native and streams/downloads beautifully. If you make a lot of purchases with Amazon, or if you have several Amazon customers in your household, you should take advantage of their Prime program. In addition to the large selection of free videos now available to Prime members, the shipping advantages are amazing. I once had a 200 lb exercise bike overnighted to my house for only $3.99. Everything I order I get within 2 days. The Prime program seems expensive but it has certainly paid for itself over the years for me, and now is even better that it is integrated more with the Fire. The only problem I have with video playback is that everything I watched did not fully expand to the screen, and was letterboxed. Considering the small 7\" display size, this was an annoyance for me. I know shows have different aspect ratios, but some should fit the display, and I think many users will be annoyed that they can't zoom or stretch the display to fit.WEB BROWSING - This is another feature I was initially excited about. I like the idea of being able to use the Fire as a netbook. Amazon advertises \"ultra fast web browsing\" using Amazon's Silk browser. It is based off of technology that is designed to increase page loading times by pre-fetching part of the content. Sounds like a great idea, but doesn't work as well in practice. I tried out the Fire on several different connections and compared page loading times with other devices (all connected wirelessly). The Fire was one of the slowest. Amazon's own web page, which has actually recently been optimized to work with the Fire, takes an average of 7 seconds to load. Other major portals took a similar amount of time or slower. My iPad and my Xoom both load pages much faster. It is not slow enough to be a problem, but not fast enough to impress me or be worthy of Amazon's marketing regarding it. This needs to be improved.BATTERY LIFE - Amazon advertises 8 hours of reading or 7.5 hours of video playback. As an average, that's probably fairly accurate. During testing I got an average of 7.4 hours of continuous reading, and 7 hours of video playback over five tests for each. This is a big change over the roughly 30 days of continuous reading with the traditional kindle, so it may hamper you a bit if you're a voracious reader. I just got into the habit of charging it every night with my cell phone.VS IPAD - As said, this isn't designed to be an iPad. I have an iPad and there is so much more I can do with it compared to the Kindle. The Fire serves a different (but sometimes similar) function. I just don't ever see Amazon building up the type of app store that Apple has, and that's where you're going to find the major differences. Additionally, the 10\" display on the iPad makes a huge difference to me over the Fire's 7\" display when it comes to watching movies and TV, and reading magazines and comic books. However, I think there is definitely room for the Fire to steal some of iPad's market share, as many people (I am one of them), will find the functions they want in a tablet can be covered by the Fire.USER INTERFACE - The Fire uses a heavily modified version of Android. I really liked the interface, however I don't think it works as well on the Fire as it does on a full tablet device like the Motorola Xoom. Occasionally I would try to make a page turn and have it not register on the Fire, or have it register more slowly than I am used to. If you have a lot of experience with the iPad, you are going to notice that the software doesn't respond as quickly on the Fire as it does with other tablets. Although this is an inconvenience and something I definitely feel needs to be addressed, I can accept it given the lower price point. I will have a problem though if this is not resolved through a firmware upgrade in the future. The Fire's custom version of Android is very nice. The most recent applications or files accessed will display in a carousel format that you can rotate through. You can also set up commonly-used applications as favorites.NEGATIVES:- No bluetooth and no HDMI. I could really use bluetooth for integration with bluetooth-capable speakers and so I can use bluetooth audio in my car. As a media player, I feel this really should have been included, and I imagine it will with future versions. This is especially important since the audio from the speakers is a bit tinny and weak. I have been using headphones with all my media-playing, which significantly improves the sound. There is also no physical volume button, which is a pain when you need to silence the device quickly. I also would like HDMI output so I can take my Amazon video purchases and watch them on my big screen TV. Another big disadvantage in a device that is made for media. This will also likely be included in a future edition, so at $200, I don't feel bad about possibly having to upgrade a year from now to get it.- Only 8Gb storage space. As mentioned, this device is mainly designed to integrate with Amazon's Cloud, so 8 should be enough, but it would be nice to have at least 16. I imagine Amazon did this on purpose to force people to use their Cloud service.- Touch capability can sometimes be sluggish. iPad and other tablet owners may be disappointed with the touch reaction time and some aspects of the software.- Video doesn't include option to zoom or stretch the display to fit the screen.- Web \"Accelerator\" is not as fast as other tablets.- No Micro-USB transfer cable included with it. Another way for Amazon to discourage you from transferring your own files to the device. If you want to do that, you will need to purchase one separately, like the AmazonBasics USB Cable - 2.0 A Male to Micro B (6 Feet / 1.8 Meters).SUMMARY: Bottom line, you will not find a cheaper device out there for streaming music, video, and books than the Kindle Fire. The reason that this device is so amazing is not for what it can do, but for what it can do at such a cheap price. The price tag, not the technology, is the story here. Although I definitely feel there is room for improvement and will be interested in seeing Amazon's second generation of this device (which I think will be significantly improved), the Kindle Fire is a solid start. If you can wait a year or more for Amazon to work out the kinks with the Fire (like it did with its 1st generation of the Kindle), you should definitely do that. The next version should fix a lot of the problems that keep the current Fire from being a \"Five Star\" product. Unfortunately, reviews shouldn't focus on price, so due to some issues with the form factor and touch interface, I can only give it four stars. It is just not \"perfect\" enough for me to say it is a five star product without taking price into consideration. But aside for that, there is really only one device you can compare the Fire to - The Nook. So for what it is, I would have no problems recommending the Fire to consumers who can take advantage of it. This product more than lives up to what it is DESIGNED to do. If you plan on getting most of your content from Amazon AND you have a Prime membership, I think you will really find this is a pretty incredible device for the money.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Wonderful device WHEN you factor in the cost", "unixReviewTime": 1322006400, "reviewTime": "11 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A11AZG938XL5UU", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Greg Polansky", "helpful": [42, 50], "reviewText": "In 2009 I purchased the Kindle 2. I fell in love. In 2010 I purchased the Kindle 3. My love affair continued. In 2011 I purchased the Kindle Fire. I fell out of love. I consume vast amounts of books and am always mobile. So ability to hold this device in one hand is essential when I am standing on the train. Unfortunately, after getting used to the Kindle 3's weight, the weight of the Kindle Fire came as a shock. The Amazon description of the weight is accurate, but the expectation that an additional 7oz or so would not be much was met with a hard reality. Holding this in one hand - as the picture shows - is problematic. The wrist begins to hurt after a few minutes. But that is not Amazon's fault. It is a beautiful device, if sort of sluggish in response. I give it two stars because two stars means that I don't like it. And I don't like it because I have been spoiled by Amazon. Back to the Kindle 3 I go. For anyone who is maybe not so mobile as I am, I recommend this. But if you're on the go and do end up holding this Kindle with one hand because you're used to holding your previous Kindles with one hand, then be warned, the weight is substantial enough that you will notice and it will be uncomfortable.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "I wish that I could love this", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1I3QMX3VN9RLC", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "HD_Dude", "helpful": [43, 50], "reviewText": "The Kindle Fire is awesome!It is sharp and clear and fast - and exactly what was advertised.Don't you just laugh out loud at some of the reviews? I mean, the Kindle Fire comes out, and clearly - clearly - specs out as having no camera. Yet, people review it and drop a star because it 'has no camera.' What! Did you think only YOURS would have one?The specs said 'no SD card slot. ' And people complain when they get it and it has - wait for it - no SD card slot!This is typical - people get a clear list of what an item includes, then complain when they buy it and something NOT on the list is omitted. To those buyers: you are dumb. Don't buy something that clearly is a bad fit - then complain as if it's not YOUR problem. Dorks.The Kindle Fire is exactly what Amazon promised. It's gorgeous, it's sharp, and it's tied automatically to your Amazon account. Nice.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "AWESOME", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2SWBIORUYKNX", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Ken", "helpful": [43, 50], "reviewText": "I like to think I ordered the Kindle Fire with eyes wide open and having fully read the capabilities it had.  This is my first non-Apple device and it was ordered so I could get a feel for Android and to see if the 7\" form factor was something I'd use.  The lack of SD slot or camera is not any issue at all for me, it was clear from the beginning that the Fire didn't plan on having these.The Fire arrived mid-day on Tuesday and I spent yesterday playing around with it, transferring some videos and music from my iTunes library,  and purchasing a couple books.  There is nothing it claimed to do that it doesn't do.  Everything worked, just not as well as I expected.The good:The device feels solid and I don't worry about breaking anything on it.The display brightness and colors are nice, videos look fine.The form factor is good for a \"paperback\" style of book reading.  People who focus on book reading would probably be better off with a normal Kindle just for the e-ink and being able to read outdoors. This is and area I'm disappointed in the iPad as well, it is just as bad in sunlight.The home screen and interface is a nice change from the standard rows of icons.  It is a good design for a content consumption device.Easy to transfer files to it from a computer (as long as you have a micro-usb cable).Excellent price for this type of device, and there is no complaint I can make that changes this.  It is easily worth this, especially for someone's first tablet.The so-so:The streaming video content with the Prime membership doesn't contain much that I'm interested in.  There may be a high count of things but really nothing I'd use more than once or twice.  Netflix(or something like it) would be much better for me.  (Fire supports Netflix so no problem)Video is just ok on this size of a device.  I couldn't stand watching video on the iPhone and this is better than that, but since I am used to the iPad size screen, watching video was just not worth it on the Fire.The build quality isn't bad, it's just not as polished as I'm used to seeing on my other devices.  I can see the light from the charging led through the top edge of the case when it is on.  That doesn't bother me but it is something I noticed that would have never gotten through other build/design processes.The bad:I cannot stand having to press icons or buttons multiple times to get the device to do something.  This is just infuriating.  I have to hit the back arrow or home button more than once the vast majority of the time before an action is taken.The carousel interaction is not consistent.  You think you've tapped but you actually scroll.  You think you've tapped but nothing happens.  It is very frustrating.  And I've let coworkers and my wife do the same thing and that is their complaint.  They can't stand when it just doesn't do what you expect. This can probably be addressed in future software updates but right now it is annoying.The web browsing is very sluggish and not just in delivering content to the device which may speed up once the servers can cache more intended operations.Turning pages in books seems jerky compared to what I normally use.Conclusion for me:Maybe buying the Fire didn't give me the exposure to Android that I wanted since Amazon's version is a fork from an earlier release.  Hopefully someone will root native Android to the device and I'll probably give that a try to see how I like that.I really believe the device is worth the $199 for people who are already invested in the Amazon ecosystem and want a smaller tablet.  The user interaction awkwardness can probably be corrected in future software updates and I believe Amazon will do a good job of responding to customer issues.It is an ok device.  Anyone with a lot of Amazon music/video content will get good value from it.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Long time iPhone/iPad user, first Android experience with Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A121L2ARDR6WOF", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Theodore Taylor \"theodore3\"", "helpful": [41, 49], "reviewText": "I kept the Kindle Fire for about a week before exchanging it for another Android tablet. A few things lead to that decision. First, the absence of the Google Market and incompatibility with standard Google apps like Youtube or Google Reader was frustrating. Having to sideload apps missing from the Amazon app store become a chore. The lack of hardware controls like volume control or a home button made it a bit more difficult to navigate. While somewhat nitpicky, the lack of customization (such as lock screen background images) bothered me.There were positives. The design of the tablet is solid and clean. I appreciated the ability to install Go Launcher EX if I didn't always want to use Amazon's launcher. Amazon's launcher (the shelf) was easy to navigate and well integrated with Amazon's services. The overall interface was clean and well-designed.I think the Fire is a great deal for the price and good for someone who is dedicated to Amazon's services. It just didn't offer the amount of freedom I wanted in an Android-based tablet.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Good, but not for me.", "unixReviewTime": 1321833600, "reviewTime": "11 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1PIOSWLZMILUZ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Leonardo Fuddy \"amazon5815\"", "helpful": [34, 49], "reviewText": "For the low price the hardware is great.  Of course Amazon took a number of shortcuts to hit the magic price point.  There's no microphone, camera and a smaller display.  The display is very nice though it looks smaller than I expected.  The device has a great quality feel to it, etc.  I can't fault the hardware.On the other hand, I find the software is poor.  If anyone buys this expecting an Android experience you'll be very disappointed.  Navigation is difficult, often requiring the user to \"find the magic button\" that backs them out of whatever screen they're on.  It makes the experience inconsistent and frustrating.  The opening page has a pretty flip-style application selector but it's extremely touchy and for all of its flash non-functional.  It's far easier to go to the \"Apps\" tab and find your app there.  It's a bit less responsive than my relatively old phone and no where near as responsive as the Fire's fruity competition.The device is all about pushing you to the Amazon store.  It does this repeatedly.  It wouldn't be so bad if the Amazon app store held a candle (geddit?) to the Android market.  There's just a vast number of great applications that aren't available making the device far less interesting than it could have been.But Amazon does have a very good selection of content (not apps).  So if you're buying this and expecting a \"Color Kindle\" you should be very happy.  Of course, this content is also available for any Android device by installing the Amazon app for other devices.  But you'll spend more...Pros:- hardware is great- performance is good- makes a nice \"Color Kindle\"Cons:- user experience is frustrating- Amazon app store is poorOverall I was too excited and jumped the gun.  I wouldn't have bought it knowing what I know now but at the same time I'm not disappointed enough to return it.  I'll hang on to it only in the hopes that it'll be rooted and run Cyanogenmod one day.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Nice hardware, poor software", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1VHBSLT18YJSX", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 49], "reviewText": "I think this is a great item, however I wish they would make it with the 3G capability as previous kindles have had, rather than only Wifi service.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Kindle 3G", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1XFL14G3VY1Q3", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "0ktopi \"MumblyJoe\"", "helpful": [42, 49], "reviewText": "I'll start off here saying that I was fairly weary of the Kindle Fire. I'm still weary of it, but less than I was before it arrived. I'd been looking for nearly a year for an android tablet that didn't cost an arm and a leg, but was fairly stable and could run apps without annoying compatibility issues. I had also tried an iPad and that turned out to be a huge fiasco, trying to get my music converted to MP3's and find an app that would read cbr comics and control everything through itunes... anyway, the iPad only lasted about a month before I took it back.So, here we go, things I DON'T like about the Kindle Fire:storage- its only 8 gb. Ok, that's fine for a book reader and the seamless cloud integration helps a lot but still.. This is a tablet, it plays movies. It seems they could have added a Micro SD reader without sacrificing the very appealing price point.The keyboard- this isn't so much a Kindle fire issue as it is a 7 inch tablet issue in general- the landscape keyboard is pretty hard to use. You really have to learn to type one-handed or else just use your thumbs on the portrait keyboard. What is maybe a kindle fire issue is the placement of the portrait keyboard at the bottom of the screen. Given their extensive customization of the interface, moving the keyboard up, maybe 3/4's of the way would really help when holding the thing and typing with your thumbs.Speaker placement: both speakers are on the top of the device. This doesn't make much sense for watching movies as it nullifies any stereo effect and also creates a weird feeling of emptiness on the side opposite the speakers. It's like driving around in your car listening to music with the balance set all the way over to the right.lastly, I have a small complaint about the categorization of books. I added a large selection of .mobi format books and about half of them appear in the \"books\" menu while the rest appear as documents. I'm not sure what's going on there but will update with a fix if I find one.So- Pros: I really like this little thing because:The interface design is really top-notch. Amazon did a great job with their customized version of Android, both aesthetically and in terms of functionality. The photos that appear on the lock screen are amazing! (I'm an art person)Cloud integration and streaming: Being able to keep track of your apps and books and such but still be able to access them without connecting to your computer is something I've wanted for quite some time. With that this thing really is a stand-alone device, no need to connect to the computer and no iTunes muxing up your library, splitting albums into 20 copies of the same album, each with one song in it.The silk browser is really fast. Also, being able to watch flash videos in the browser and not have them play like a series of still images is a welcome feature.Sideloading apps is a snap. I was worried that Amazon would take a walled-garden approach to this thing and I'd have to root it or something to get access to apps in the Android Market or other places. This is NOT the case. I sideloaded Spotify last night without ever connecting the thing to the computer. However, I quickly found out that Spotify doesn't work too well on it as the on-screen buttons on the Fire sit directly over the navigation and playback buttons in Spotify. Basically Amazon's controlling the experience, cutting out the frustration of trying to find an app compatible with your device by limiting you their Amazon app store, but you're still free to take a chance on whatever app you like outside their store.The whole thing is quite snappy and very responsive. That was one of my complaints about the old Nook (i don't know about the new Nook, haven't tried that yet)Things I don't want and/or don't care about but you might:Camera. There's no camera, front facing or otherwise. I don't want a camera, especially not a front facing one. I never use the webcam on my computer, let alone a tablet and if I want to take photos I'll either use my phone because it's in my pocket, or take a nice photo with a good DSLR.3g. There's wifi literally everywhere around where I live and even on the rare occasion that there's not, I can either use my phone's browser or wifi-tether it to another device. Its carrier has no data cap. Besides, the idea of paying $20/month for a 2 gb data cap or getting stuck in yet another 2 year contract with some other carrier is reason enough to make 3g rather unappealing to me.Content management, aka. iTunes: Having something to keep track of your library and such is handy, but really I don't want to be forced into using it. Besides, I have a content management system- it's called Windows, OSX and sometimes Linux(and occasionally Adobe Bridge if I need to organize a bunch of files at once). I much prefer the \"connect device> drag what you want into which ever folder you want>disconnect it\" process. I tend to keep my file structure organized on my computer though, so, if that's not a thing you do you might want a content manager. I don't yet know if this thing links up with computer version of the kindle software. I haven't needed to do that. Again, it really doesn't need it as this thing and Amazon's cloud are BFF's.So I guess that wraps it up. The thing is great for reading books, watching movies, listening to music. The cloud integration is my favorite thing about it. If you're looking for that kind of thing and your phone won't do but the $500 price tag of the iPad and general fragmentation issues of Android tablets have deterred you, look no further. If you're more interested in just reading books (and reading them outside in the sun especially) then stick with the e-ink kindles.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Great price, great doohickey", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2OAYC9UQL8A9J", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [27, 49], "reviewText": "Update on November 17, 2011, changed review from 5 stars to 1.Well, my Kindle Fire I originally posted a great review on failed...the touchcreen became completely unresponsive.  I couldn't even shut it down, and attempted a hard reset with no success.  The Amazon rep. said I needed to return it for replacement, but I simply decided the Kindle Fire experiment failed for me which is too bad, I was getting used to the device.  Products should not completely die within 1 day of use.  Suggestion to Amazon:  Improve your product quality.  Good luck to those who still have functioning Kindle Fires.  Maybe the extra cost of an iPad is worth it?=====Original review, November 15, 2011 (5 stars):I had pre-ordered but like others it hadn't shipped, so I cancelled the pre-order and picked up at the local Best Buy...with that, it has worked great.  It fired up, connected wirelessly and linked up my Amazon account in about 30 seconds.  Initial reactions are great!  I like the screen, interface and speed and connectivity.  I think for the cost, its right on.  Its not an iPad, and its not designed to be, but for the price point which is a fraction of what it costs for an iPad, it meets my functionality needs.I will update the review as I get used to it, but so far, I'm very pleased.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "UPDATED REVIEW:  Device Failed after 1 Day", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AW0A4RQHKW6XL", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 49], "reviewText": "Amazon is shameless in corrupting searches for the Nook tablet in favor of the Kindle.No matter how I search for the Nook, I always get either more entries for the Kindle than the Nook, and in some cases, only Kindle !!!Barnes & Noble should consider suing Amazon for illegal competition. Amazon knows their product is seriously limited, and are scared that the beefed up Nook will seriously lower their sales, but this should not be tolerated!!!For one, I will NEVER buy anything again from Amazon !!!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "SHAMELESS AMAZON !!!", "unixReviewTime": 1322006400, "reviewTime": "11 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3DC0RMYWRNH62", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Alice Xu", "helpful": [37, 48], "reviewText": "I received my kindle fire 5 days ago.The software/apps hang, crash and freeze everywhere.For instance, Angry bird crashes the very first time it is installed. Facebook app also crashes left and right.When I check my yahoo mail, it only shows me the first 10 threads in my inbox which makes it useless.I'm using it writing this review and the text widget cuts the borders where I can not see my text while typing...I'm about to return this device.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "very unstable software", "unixReviewTime": 1322092800, "reviewTime": "11 24, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A5YCUJH89BIRO", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [26, 48], "reviewText": "I was so excited to receive my new Kindle Fire but it was unable to recognize wifi connections. I spent hours on the phone with several customer service reps. They followed protocol and went through every possibility and I hung in there even though they were clueless about this new device. Do what I should have done: if you boot up your Fire and it doesn't find your wifi signal, call and request a replacement immediately. Save your cell minutes and your time.Update 11/19/11My replacement Kindle Fire arrived yesterday. I turned it on, it recognized my wifi signal, accepted my password, and downloaded the update all in less than five minutes. This is how it should happen!Update 11/27/11The Kindle Fire is awesome! If you love Amazon's cloud, you will love the Fire. Make sure you get a good one. My first one didn't recognize wifi signals and the keyboard was sticky and inconsistent. The replacement Fire that I got is just perfect. My one star review is now a FIVE.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "I can get a replacement but I can't get my day back", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AGSZPG4UW15FX", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Gur Kimchi", "helpful": [34, 47], "reviewText": "The fire is good, and the price is great... but it's simply unacceptable that I can't move my library of magazines from my 1st generation Kindle.  Customer service is useless:\"I am sorry those magazines will remain in 1st generation Kindle and we don't have a option to transfer to your new Kindle Fire.\"what?  didn't you promise that always and forever keep my digital content safe for me?  Amazon - I had higher expectations, your customer service is usually excellent.  Even worse, my 2nd query to customer service was not even answered.  Treating your oldest kindle customers this way is a good way to get me to give the Nook a second look.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Love the Fire, Very angry that my magazines from the 1st Generation Kindle cannot be moved over", "unixReviewTime": 1322438400, "reviewTime": "11 28, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AYF6RX5RIA5EQ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 47], "reviewText": "First, don't compare this to an iPad.  It's apples and oranges, and there is no comparison.  If you want the capabilities of an iPad, don't buy this.  But, when this came out, I thought it would be just what I was looking for, after an unsatisfactory experience with Barnes and Noble's Nook, but instead, it is just another tablet missing a key component:  an SD or Micro SD card slot for expandability.  Anyone who has any experience with tablets, iPads or iPods, knows it doesn't take long to fill up 8 GB.  So, that being said, this tablet is not a contender.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Could Have Been A Contender - Key Component Missing", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1ZOFY08TORDGH", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 45], "reviewText": "Would love to review this product but I will not receive it for another 2 weeks.  I pre-ordered through Amazon and thought I receive it as soon as it was available to the public.  Thumbs down to Amazon for not taking care of pre-orders first.  Oh but they have sent the case to me already.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "review what???", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2PDGLKFR955PE", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Ryan Reddell", "helpful": [38, 45], "reviewText": "I ordered two of these devices; one for my wife, one for myself.  I'm sending mine back.  My wife loves to read eBooks, she loves it.  I for one would rather have my EVO and laptop.A few complaints against Amazon, and not the Kindle Fire.First- A PRIME Membership is required for EACH family member that wishes to have a Kindle Fire.  Yes, you can invite and allow up to four family members to use your PRIME, but it is for shipping ONLY!  If they want to stream videos, then they are required to purchase another membership for $79 per year.  Pretty crappy on Amazons part if you ask me.Second- If you are buying this for someone as a gift, or thought you might resale it, please note that it ships already activated with your account.  I never had to put my password in for my Amazon stuff.  Scary if you ask me.  It's quick and handy that they already have some of your info, but at least ask for a password.All in all, this is only a 3 star device.  Its close to being a 5, but needs some issues fixed and those are for the non-eBook crowd.So, to make this quick:PROs-PriceSOLID AS A ROCK.  Heavy and feels like its military grade.eBook Reader is impressive and easy to useStreams HD Videos without an issue.CONs-Google App Store is not available.FULL PRIME Membership is required for EACH MEMBER of your family.More limited than a Smartphone.No Calendar", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Nice eReader.  FULL PRIME Membership is required, not just family.", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3HSMF8P00UXOQ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [20, 45], "reviewText": "Excellente device for surfing and reading. Great price as well. Very portable and convenient for daily use. Wide selection of books.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Great device for the price.", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3LLDCFOYR50AL", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [29, 45], "reviewText": "Bought in early Oct as a gift for my wife.  Had to wait as a pre-order, with a projected ship date of 15 Nov and delivery date of 21 Nov.  We were pleasantly surprised when it arrived early, on 17 Nov.  BUT... Amazon programs their system to recognize each device based upon the projected delivery date, regardless of when it actually ships.  So I got to spend the better part of an hour on the phone with tech support late last night, just trying to register it so it can be used for more than just web browsing.  The first techie ran me through basic steps that he should have known would not help.  Second techie eventually figured out what was wrong, only to inform me that it's happening a lot - well, no kidding?Why on earth are useless devices being shipped early, Amazon?  Why aren't you uploading the device serial number into the system WHEN IT SHIPS???  Tech support says they're loading our serial # into their system, and it \"should be good within 24 hours\".  Gee... thanks.(To be fair, I'm sure we'll love the device once it actually works.  It's nicely built, and a great size to carry around.  Web browsing is very fast, wifi connect was simple.)", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Unexpected incompetence from Amazon", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2XWL1JTEV06MD", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 44], "reviewText": "Doesn't matter how much it costs... it can't compare to an iPad.Fragmented Android system , no microphone (no voice recording), no camera (no facetime),  wi-fi only, measly 8GB storage... no iTunes store, no App Store, tiny 7\" screen (just a bit larger than some smart phones...)This is something you will potentially be interacting with EVERY DAY. Why skimp? Just pony up a few more bucks and get the iPad!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "No matter how you cut it... it's no iPad", "unixReviewTime": 1322179200, "reviewTime": "11 25, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3NHUQ33CFH3VM", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Citizen John", "helpful": [37, 44], "reviewText": "Updated January 20, 2013I love to use my Kindle to listen to audiobooks.  That's nearly all I ended up using it for after the initial few months of using it for everything.The big fix* At first anybody using your Fire for anything could order using 1-Click. It happened to me that one of my little kids ordered something, but Amazon quickly credited me back for that purchase.  Good thing Amazon fixed that issue!Why I don't use it like I did at first* I was watching movies and holding it up while lying down.  After some time I started to feel the affect on my wrists.  The way I was using it wasn't ergonomic so I stopped cold turkey.How I use it now* One great, great thing about this device is the user can (1) put it into sleep mode and pick number of minutes until it turns itself off, and (2) play audiobooks faster or slower.In summary, I've used this device for a long time now and love it for what it does for me in particular.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "I love it for only a couple functionalities", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3S0S9Y12N4F1J", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "HokieBigT", "helpful": [38, 44], "reviewText": "Ok, so I wanted an iPad very badly but was never willing to pay that price!  When the Fire became available, I was on top of it.  I just got mine in today and I am very impressed.  The interface is every bit as intuitive as the iPad and with the dual-core processor this thing is very quick.  I was online and had my email set up in about 5 minutes after the Fire did it's initial download/upgrade.  I am super happy.  I ordered two for my parents and I must say I was worried because they are both @65 years old, but I can see already that they will have no problem with this device.  Gorgeous screen, great GUI, and responsive touch screen.  Very easy to use and figure out.So, the cons were kind of already known when I bought it.  No camera, only wifi, limited storage, and smaller screen than an iPad.  These are not cons for me as I don't care about the camera, already have an Amazon cloud drive for storage and do most of my shopping for music and books on Amazon already, actually like the smaller (read: more portable) size, and live out in the country where cell reception is poor anyways.  Amazon has a bunch of apps already, but that selection needs to expand if they are going to overtake Apple!I can't say who will/won't be happy with this device, but I can say I am thoroughly impressed and I know my parents will be as well.  Great Xmas gift!  And, let us not forget a couple of things about this device: Android (the OS the Fire is based off) is fairly established and well-received; Amazon is a large retailer with a good track record for support; Amazon.com has a \"competitive\" selection of apps; and, THE PRICE is so much better than the only other competitor (Apple) that I would consider purchasing a tablet.Way to go Amazon, I believe you have a winner!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "So Happy!", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AG4I77R0J2MN8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 44], "reviewText": "There are four basic reasons why I will not spend a penny on this monster the Kindle Fire. I am a rare bird out there since Kindle Fire is selling like hotcakes.  But for the wrong reason.  Amazon likes to compare their Fire to Ipad etc.  This is not fair to book readers like me.  I want something with which I can read books.  Amazon sells books apparently and kindle to read the books.  If there is one thing that Kindle Fire is not, it is not a good ebook reader.1. Because of backlighting, Kindle Fire hurts your eyes.  Amazon sells a lot of ebooks that one uses kindle to read.  Since the kindle fire is backlit, unlike the other kindles, the light tires and probably damages the eyes.2. Amazon Kindle Fire is heavy.  If you read it for more than a few minutes you develop symptoms similar to tunnel carpel syndrome.  Your hand and wrist hurts and you are obliged to turn on a movie or something or reach for the older kindle.3. The Kindle Fire is already out of style.  A new colour epaper is already being offered and there is a rumour that Amazon will be coming out with a Kindle Fire with epaper sometimes in 2012.4. Kindle Fire is a cheap Ipad. It is not designed as an ereader.  Ipad readers will smirk at you in business class.  If I want to watch movies and social hubbing and listen to music, I will buy an Ipad.  If I want to read books, I will buy a kindle with Epaper.  A book is still a book and epaper has come about as close as technology could come to reproducing a booklike sensation when i am reading.  I will keep my kindle three as long as it lasts, which i suspect is not too much longer the poor little flimsy thing.So, I think that I will buy another brand the next time around.  My kindle three is on its last little legs already even though i bought it only six months ago.  Some of the new epaper readers now have colour epaper and even if not, are associated with big booksellets and reviewers write that the readers themselves are solidly built and one does not have to feel shy reading it in public as i do now with my pathetic little kindle three.  These ereaders even read mobi, so i could take my kindle library with me to the new ereader.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "WHY I WILL NOT GET THE KINDLE FIRE:", "unixReviewTime": 1322956800, "reviewTime": "12 4, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1LQFKT7OZN8GO", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Christopher C", "helpful": [37, 43], "reviewText": "I really wanted to like the Kindle Fire. At the price point, I thought it might be a great tablet/reading device. About 6 months ago, I purchased a 3rd Gen Kindle for my wife and she loves it. I signed up for Amazon Prime in anticipation of having the Kindle Fire.It arrived, I opened it. Hmm, smaller than I thought and man a bit heavy -- no worries. I turned it on. Please select your WiFi network. Umm...where is my WiFi network? I live in an apartment building on a busy street. There are a ton of networks around. The Kindle Fire picked up the WiFi from the diner across the street (which I can't even see with my MacBook Pro), but not my own. Suddenly, I wondered if the Kindle Fire did not support 802.11N which I was running, but had not bothered to determine was a supported protocol of the Fire or not. I quickly tried to look this up.WiFi Connectivity: \"Supports public and private Wi-Fi networks or hotspots that use 802.11b, 802.11g, 802.11n, or enterprise networks with support for WEP, WPA and WPA2 security using password authentication; does not support connecting to ad-hoc (or peer-to-peer) Wi-Fi networks.\"Ok, then what is the problem? I Googled around -- some sites said to update the version of the operating system to the latest, 6.2 something or other. Fine, the Fire came installed with 6.1. I attached it to my computer, found the latest .bin file, copied it over to the Fire and restarted it. Success, I was running the latest, surely now it will find my WiFi network.Nope.Ok, now 20 minutes in and still no connectivity. Not so great so far for an internet connected device. I began to think, well I do get a lot of interference so I run my Apple Extreme on 802.11N @ 5GHz instead of the (perhaps more standard) 2.4GHz. It reduces the interference I get in our apartment. I figured maybe that might be the issue.Changing the Apple Router to 2.4GHz, restarted and FINALLY the Kindle Fire can see my home wireless network. Awesome! Ok -- well, this will be good until the network drops out which it does often when I run it @ 2.4GHz. So 20 minutes of messing around with the Fire (about 10 minutes of that being my foray into Angry Birds) I lose the internet. At first I thought it was just the Fire, but checking my laptop, no my router was no longer pumping out the internets to the devices in our house. With a sigh I reset the router back to 5GHz and...the Kindle again could not see our home WiFi.At this point, I decided to talk to Amazon customer service to see if this was truly a problem as I could not find this (seemingly simple) fact documented anywhere. It would GREAT for Amazon to actually disclose this somewhat minor short-coming.I chose Amazon's online customer help. I was first connected to a person whom after I had explained that the Kindle was unable to locate my home WiFi network running 802.11N @ 5GHz and that I had updated to the latest version of the operating system to...ensure that I was \"entering in the correct password\". Ok, strike one. Seriously? The Kindle cannot find my network, I'm not even at the point of entering a password, but if/when I get there, I will ensure I use the correct one.I was then transferred to yet another person. Ok, strike two. Really, that was your front-line support?The second person asked me to \"reset\" the device. I had to pause for about 5 minutes waiting for them to explain exactly how to do so. Holding the power button apparently for 20 seconds is the way to do this. After reseting the device, I informed the support person that the device still did not find my home network.Hold.After another five minutes, I was asked to capture the logs from the Kindle and send them via email to the Amazon. Ok...no problem. After walking me through the command to get the Kindle Fire to dump its log file I connected it once again to my computer, grabbed the log file attached it to an email and sent it to the email address provided. I immediately received a confirmation email that my email was received and...2 minutes later I got a microsoft office bounce-back that the email inbox that I had emailed and TOO FULL.Wait, what? Informing the support person of this, they first asked me to check the email address I had mailed. Sure, done. Pause. Then they asked me to \"could you please email FROM another email account?\"Wait, I don't think you're getting it. YOUR inbox is full. Ok, strike three. This is just getting silly.The response, \"oh right, please hold on.\" 10 minutes later, \"ok, please try again.\"At this point I assumed someone had gone in and \"cleaned\" out the mailbox to get it to accept new emails. I tried again. Same immediate confirmation email and....once again a bounce-back. MAILBOX FULL. *Sigh* I informed the support person that the same thing had happened. Pause. Ok, please try sending to a completely different email address with a subject of \"Kindle Fire Logs\". Done, no bounce-back. Whew!I was then informed that they would review my logs and get back to me in a few days. Wait, so...until then the Fire is basically useless? No I was informed, I could always read books on it, I just needed to download them to my laptop first then manually transfer them. Ok, thanks. So I have a rather expensive Kindle right now. No, thanks.The next day, I packed it up and sent it back, sadly.The day after I received an email from Amazon support that they had confirmed that the Kindle Fire does not support 802.11N @ 5GHz WiFi networks. Really? You don't say?", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Customer Support could be better -- and so could the device", "unixReviewTime": 1323648000, "reviewTime": "12 12, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1WRXACOKPITBQ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [26, 43], "reviewText": "OK, so, yesterday I was SO excited to get my \"New\" Kindle Fire. I grabbed a cup of tea and a comfy chair and started learning about my \"New\" Kindle.Please imagine my shock and dismay when I found, when I went to My Account to register my unit, that instead of having a right-brand-new Kindle Fire, as promised, I am instead the holder of \"Thuy's 3rd Kindle! So, Thuy Chu, if you want you Kindle back, you are welcome to it!So, why am I the new holder of Thuy Chu's old Kindle Fire? Was it defective and sent back for reconditioning? Is the hardware bad? The battery? Why did it get sent back to Amazon, then shipped out to me as brand new?I am totally disgusted with Amazon on this one. I had thought they were a reputable company - I have done business with them as a Prime member for years. Apparently they care nothing for their customers, to try to pull off sending me a used unit as new.I will be sending the unit back. Whether or not I get a new one will depend greatly on how Amazon decides to handle this situation, and how many other reports I read of people receiving used units instead of new.Bad Amazon! No Biscuit!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "My \"New\" Kindle Fire? NO!", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2A69WJ905WNZJ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Alan M. Kantrow", "helpful": [29, 43], "reviewText": "The Kindle Fire is a deeply flawed and frustrating product -- which is especially annoying given how wonderful past Kindle products have been. Its touchscreen is jumpy and erratic and largely unresponsive; using video controls while watching a movie causes the whole movie to reboot; navigation tools are unusually clumsy and imprecise.The user experience is nowhere close to the standard set by former Kindle offerings and does much to weaken positive brand association. This is a cause for serious embarrassment. Did no one actually test it before putting it in the market?Kindle Fire, Full Color 7\" Multi-touch Display, Wi-Fi", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Kindle mis-Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1323648000, "reviewTime": "12 12, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AH3K1XPKT2TYR", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Nick", "helpful": [39, 43], "reviewText": "I picked up a Kindle fire in the states and am now back in Cayman where I live. The fire seems like a reasonable piece of kit, but if you live anywhere other than the US, or if you happen top travel a lot outside of those shores, you'll find the baked in Amazon version of Android very limited. I have an android phone and I can use the app store etc. On the fire I have no option but the amazon app store (which I would love to have work) but that just gives me an error that I can't download anything as I am not in the USA. Even free stuff can't be downloaded. I wanted to add a simple note taking device, but nope, can't be done.Basically a neat bit of hardware. I am a developer and really highly rate the Amazon Web Services, which I can use quite comfortably from Cayman, but I'm really disappointed with the fire. I can't even enter a proxy server, so I can't use it at work. Huge let down.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Nice hardware but software is very limited", "unixReviewTime": 1322438400, "reviewTime": "11 28, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2MXILAH05EAMR", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 42], "reviewText": "The android platform is not supported by many of the most useful programs. Here is what does not work.HBOGOHuluAny movie copied from a PC digital copy to the Android device. DRM protection will not allow it to runEnough said. Android is useless as a movie platform", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "movies on android  what movies?", "unixReviewTime": 1324339200, "reviewTime": "12 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3PNN6W95O5XNV", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "M. McFall \"Yay interwebs\"", "helpful": [35, 42], "reviewText": "After the initial joys of unboxing and once the new Kindle Fire owner turns on their device, they will be met with some issues that may leave them a touch unsatisfied.  The most glaring of these is the lag.  One of the first things I tried after booting up (and waiting for the update, along with a lengthy reboot), was to start playing some of the music I had residing in my Amazon Cloud drive.  With music playing in the background to accompany my Kindle Fire experience, I decided to do some multitasking and take the Amazon newsstand for a test drive.Amazon's magazine newsstand has a lot of attractive covers to peruse, but once it came down to me scrolling down to look at more, that's when it hit.  Rather, that's when it stopped.  The device came to a complete stop and there was a 20 second hang where it wouldn't even take inputs.  I don't think it was the connection, as I was sitting right next to the wireless router.  After the hang, I tried scrolling more.  Again, more hangs.  This is not a smooth browsing experience.  I exited the store and decided to see if it was evident in other areas of the device.Amazon videos, Amazon shopping, Amazon music....these apps all had a ragged scrolling issue, along with input lag and unresponsiveness, particularly when fetching new data.  I tried the new Silk browser...oddly enough, no lag or hang ups at all!  I could be wrong, but I think some of the lag in some of the Amazon apps is related to how they are programmed to prefetch data.  They just doesn't seem to be doing any prefetch at all.Multitasking on the Fire, particularly when streaming media/music from the cloud drive is an issue.  The problem with this is that Amazon is heavily advertising the cloud storage/streaming aspect of this device, in lieu of having a lot of onboard or removeable storage.  One relatively simple function shouldn't be having such a huge impact on other areas of the device.  I have a Kindle DX, which I love, and know all about input lag.  I'm used to it on the e-ink device; it's an affect of the technology.  But on a dual core Android tablet?  It's just not acceptable.Now that I have just about all of the glaring bad out of the way, the good is that overall, it is a nice, tidy little device.  It feels very comfortable to hold and use.  It feels valuable.  The screen is beautiful.  The stereo speakers don't sound like a speakerphone and actually have detectable bass. The interface is very intuitive and absolutely un-Android-like.  There is a lot of potential in this inexpensive tablet and I am eager to play with it more, seeing what Amazon has in store for it.  Most of the issues I mentioned would seem to be fixable in OS and app updates, which I anticipate in the coming weeks.  If you can get past these niggling issues, then by all means, be an early adopter!  Fair warning though: the lag will put a damper on your new gadget euphoria.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Room for improvements.  Needs better prefetch", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ARAKKN3G1ITVD", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "E. Barlow \"Prime1\"", "helpful": [37, 42], "reviewText": "I was very excited about getting to order the Kindle Fire. I have been enjoying it since I received it in the mail from Amazon. I love using it for reading books and magazines,web surfing,watching movies and tv shows,playing games, and checking my emails. I have had no issues with the device and feel its a great value for the price. My only problem is trying to pry it out of the hands of my husband and kids so I can actually get to use MY device.If I were stranded on an Island I would definantly want this with me.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Loving the Kindle Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1323820800, "reviewTime": "12 14, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1IBKANWDYYFMV", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Marc Klein", "helpful": [35, 41], "reviewText": "Before I begin, let me make clear the following: This is my first tablet. I wanted an iPad but Apple doesn't seem to care about it's customers unless it's in their best interest so when Amazon announced the Kindle Fire I wondered if they would price it in the range of everyone else and I'm happy to say that they didn't and in fact, they admitted that if anything, they are taking a loss on the fire which got people complaining that it's not worth it because there's no \"fancy\" features like a camera, 3G and all that stuff. But here's the thing: People like to bitch and complain without thinking logically so allow me to that with my review..CAMERA-----Why is this an issue? I mean does a tablet really need one? This is why you have a phone and a regular one. No one's gonna carry a tablet everywhere they go (At least I won't). Seriously, a camera isn't really a deal breaker for me and it shouldn't be for you either.3G--Not including this on the Fire actually makes good sense when you think about it because it'll end up costing you extra. Think about it: When it comes to 3G on tablets, you are stuck with AT&T; for the service and you have to pay a monthly fee regardless of if you have them as your phone carrier. So you pay $199 for the fire or $599 for the iPad and now you've also got an extra $50 a month for the 3G (or whatever plan you choose). Besides, what's the big deal with WiFi? You just update everything before you go out. And why do you need 3G to read a book, play a game, listen to music or watch something you've already downloaded?BLUETOOTH--------I don't really understand why this would even be an issue on a tablet. Why would you need this on one? I don't even think the iPad has it.SD CARD-------Sure people are not going to want to buy a Fire because of the lack of one but Amazon purposely left it out because of there cloud storage which, like Apple, holds everything you've ever bought and stores it on it's servers. This also allows you to read a book on the Kindle Fire and then continue reading it somewhere else on another device and it automatically saves the last position you left off in and while having an SD expansion slot would have been nice, I understand why it was left out. In my opinion, I like the cloud service because if I ever have to replace the device or something, I don't have to go around trying to remember what I downloaded because it's already there waiting for me and if you have that issue with memory, wouldn't you just delete what you don't need anymore to make more room? So I feel this is really a moot point.SYNCING--------Continuing from the above, the Kindle Fire does connect to your computer so you can transfer back and forth between the two if you need to make room but don't want to delete anything. While the Fire doesn't come with a USB cable, you can use the same one you use for your phone. In fact, any micro USB plug will do and your computer/s will recognize it.BATTERY LIFE------------This might be an issue for many but the trick is to \"dim\" the display. The higher the display will eat up the battery quicker but this isn't always true as it depends what you are doing. Generally speaking, reading an E Book will hardly use up all the power but playing a game will and possibly videos to. It's a tricky thing when it comes to the battery because it's really how you balance it out. Personally, I have yet to have an issue with it. What I can say is that I can go 2, 3 days w/o a charge and that was with using it for a few hours on the first day I got it. What I have yet to figure out yet is if plugging it into the computer will charge it like it does with everything else...WEB BROWSING-----------Since I hate using stock browsers, I side-loaded Dolphin instead so I really don't know if Amazon's Silk technology works with other browsers but from what I can tell it seems to work fine but I'm also under the impression that it depends on how fast of a speed your WIFI connection is.MAGAZINES--------There are very few offered right now but I'm sure this will change over time. By the way, there's a special though with select magazines for a free 90 day subscription with Conde Nest but the offering are lousy unless you like those magazines. I haven't used it fully yet though but from what I did see, it works great and it takes up the whole screen.E BOOKS-------The heart of the Fire and it actually works. It works just like the regular Kindles where you can customize the settings based on your reading preference. What I like about it is that you can highlight on a word and get the meaning. Yup. It's got a built in dictionary which isn't really surprising because one of the pre installed apps is The Oxford Dictionary.VIDEOS------I really love the fact that you have hundreds and hundreds of Movies and TV to choose from for FREE (well only if you are a Prime member) but at $79 a year it really is worth it and Amazon gives you a one month trial but the Prime basically works for everything on the site. Aside from that, I had no issues with viewing or sound. Some people have said they get some looping and jumping but that might be a hardware or software issue on some devices. Again, this uses the cloud feature and you can watch outside of the Kindle Fire as well and it saves the spot you left off at. .SOUND-----Unlike most mobile phones, The Fire's got two stereo speakers and it works great. I watched 2 movies and one TV episode in my home and I didn't need any headsets and you might say because of where I was but I tried the same thing with my phone and I did need a headset.USER INTERFACE-------------I should point out that Kindle Fire runs Android 2.3 (Gingerbread) but you wouldn't even know it by looking at the thing the way Amazon's skinned it. They might have gone a bit overboard with it and I still don't know why they chose to heavily do so but I do think that some improvements can be made because it's to dark and dreary. It's not all perfect though because there's no reason why Amazon only allows you to have 4 favorites. If you choose more, it replaces the other one. Favorites should be kept in one spot all together and not by Amazon's choosing. Also, the touch response doesn't always work which can be frustrating (here's hoping this gets fixed in an update). I also hate the stock keyboard it comes with. I wish I good find a better one.APP STORE--------This is a weakness that I am NOT happy about. Why is this connected to your phone's device? What I mean by that is: If I download something to my Fire and then open up the app store on my phone, the app is there as well. Why? Shouldn't Amazon have a separate app store for tablets? Because I want swift key for my Fire but it's nowhere to be found yet on my phone, it shows that there's a swift key for Tablets.. So out of curiosity, I downloaded it to my phone and it said: NOT COMPATIBLE FOR PHONES. Huh? Does this make any sense? So Amazon, fix your store and make up your mind.Time to end my review so:IN CLOSING---------I'm happy with my Kindle Fire and like I said earlier, Amazon made sacrifices to get it at the $199 price point knowing they would get a loss on it but from a business point, it makes sense because they will make it up in other areas and really, when you think about it, the Kindle Fire is a huge success  so is it really a loss in the long run? What's really good about this though is that Amazon could look at this Fire as an experimental product and learn what works and what doesn't for the next version.I didn't mention HDMI because you can buy an HDMI adapter and use it as one so it's not a big deal. Personally, I can do without it.I should mention the NOOK because it's almost exactly the same as the Fire and if you compare the two you might notice little to no difference. The Nook, by the way has been skinned as well running the same software.While you can't compare this to the iPAD,(and it really would be hard to) I firmly believe that Amazon has a winner here because of what they offer and because of their quality. Not only that your less likely to get \"crap\" apps because Amazon strictly monitors and approves what goes into it's app store. Yes, I'm aware Apple is to but they are worse.I really like this tablet and it's a great start for Amazon and if they support it often with updates (and it needs a few) this can be the iPAD killer people are hoping it to be. But it is the hottest holiday gift right now and for good reason.The Kindle Fire needs some improvements and here's hoping Amazon reads the concerns and takes care of them.By the way, I hope Amazon updates it's software do allow video files such as DIVX, AVI,MPEG 4 and others.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "An Affordable Tablet But At A Price.", "unixReviewTime": 1322006400, "reviewTime": "11 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2HE9E2QE89JF", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Train Guy \"Fun with Trains\"", "helpful": [28, 41], "reviewText": "The Fire feels more like a unit in development than a final polished product.  I guess Amazon wasn't going to miss the holiday season no matter what.Issues: too sluggish, too heavy, to thick, too slow of a browser, clunky movement when switching and swiping too quickly.  No volume buttons? Navigation look and feel needs a re-write.  The e-reader experience doesn't even come close to the newest Kindle Touch.I'm returning mine and waiting for version 2 or...Burned", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Too little too soon...", "unixReviewTime": 1321833600, "reviewTime": "11 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2S12P7ZVXW8HU", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 41], "reviewText": "Do not waste your money on this; it is a major disappointment!!!!  If a choice was given for 0 stars that is what my rating would be.  Save your money for an i-pad!!!!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "poor", "unixReviewTime": 1323388800, "reviewTime": "12 9, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AFOJ78UCEF2E4", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [0, 41], "reviewText": "I purchased a kindle for my mom last christmas... mainly because she is loosing her sight and the kindle has a reading audio device... the keyboard was a problem...( too small + hard to read) a TOUCH screen is great... I bought all of the accessories for it as well last christmas ... ( cover...light etc) Its already obsolete.... The new one would be so much more convenient.... I think a $50 rebate for customers who puchased a kindle in the last 12 mos... would be a nice gesture.  Otherwise. I will wait and get her an Ipad.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "How about a rebate for OLD KINDLE?", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AI4NU77XXW2NC", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 41], "reviewText": "Picked mine up at BestBuy, 24 hours later it went back. I guess it's still totally okay to lie in your advertising.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Good if you want a stuttering disjointed experience...", "unixReviewTime": 1322956800, "reviewTime": "12 4, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ALR819EYYWX06", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "azog", "helpful": [35, 41], "reviewText": "I've deliberately avoided reading reviews on the Fire, because the one review (a \"trusted name\", someone who should know better) I read constantly compared the Fire to the iPad. I know it's not an iPad. I don't have, nor did I ever want, an iPad, and such comparisons are ultimately meaningless. I did not want to find myself being swayed by other people's opinions in matters which have no bearing.This is my first tablet. I've used Android since the original Motorola Droid (currently using a Droid 3), so I'm fairly comfortable with the environment. The Fire is obviously heavily customized to Amazon, but many of the basic navigation tasks and features still apply.I was pondering a Samsung tablet, but once concrete rumors of the Amazon tablet started to surface, I decided to wait. I find no regrets in my decision, as the Fire does what I want a tablet to do. I won't go into gory detail, as I'm sure plenty others have done so.The device is a bit heavy, substantially so. At least it doesn't feel like a toy. Set up was a breeze. Simply turn it on, connect it to my WiFi, and off we go. It took me no more than 60 seconds from turn on until I started to see all my Kindle books showing up. I have the Kindle reader app on my Droid 3, and it's the same app. Since I have a Kindle reader, I will continue to use that for its intended purpose. I'm a heavy reader, so the benefits of the eInk display and battery life of the Kindle reader far outweigh the Fire in that regards.I was initially concerned over the storage, 8gb with no expansion. But then I realized it's not really important. There's not much to store, everything is \"in the cloud, man\" (I like the concept, but I do hate the phrase).The first thing I did was use my Prime membership to view some videos (the first Star Trek episode, as well as a Chinese military movie, \"The Warriors\"), and I am pleasantly surprised with the video quality and sound. This was my primary reason for buying the Fire. Amazon has been adding videos for Prime members, and I only hope they continue their progress to acquire more.The screen is very glossy and reflective. It feels like Gorilla glass (not 100% certain on that), but I think I might get a screen protector just to cut back on the glare. Watching a video and seeing my ugly mug in the reflection was a bit of distraction.At the moment, I think I've watched about 4 hours of video. I can't comment on the battery life, but it seemed to be more than 75% remaining at that point. Even so, given my intended usage, if I need to plug it in while watching a video, that is not much of an issue.Connected to my e-mail accounts (disappointed that the official Gmail app doesn't seem to be available), installed a few simple apps. Did some web browsing. All to be as expected, no complaints. Response to screen taps, swipes, etc, was all acceptable with no real lag or sluggishness. I never really found myself \"waiting\" for an app to acknowledge.In the middle of the home screen is something called the \"carousel\", which is basically a Rolodex of all your previously used apps, opened books, videos, etc. Unfortunately, it got cluttered pretty fast as I explored my tablet, and there does not seem to be a way to clean it out, or remove something that I'm not interested in seeing on my carousel. There does not seem to be any way to filter, either. I hope Amazon addresses this in a not-so-distant future firmware update.Well, I could go on and on and on, but I won't, and will simply close review by restating my overall satisfaction with the Fire.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "I'm fired up!", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ASRBXJ45FFK07", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [0, 41], "reviewText": "I pre-ordered a Kindle Fire on October 4th.  I anxiously awaited its arrival. I ordered a second one on November 14for an older relative without internet access.  The second order is due to arrive on Friday the 18th - but the Kindle I ordered on October 4th has yet to be shipped.  Did this happen to anyone else?  Are you still waiting for shipment on a pre-order?  Did Amazon scam us into signing up for a long wait?  Let me know!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Wait List a Scam?", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3KRXRP1H3KKJU", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 40], "reviewText": "Ok,This tablet is terrible, software hangs, no volume buttons, the on off button is in a terrible location and will be mistakenly hit at least a dozen times a day. What else, oh yea touch is not very responsive, especially the cover flow area.  Web browsing is slow, laggy and just painfull. In fact, the entire User interface is just plain frustrating. But its only 199, really I would rather pay a dentist the 199 to pull out some teeth.The truth written on a fire, I almost forgot the keyboard is crap too.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "the real deal written on a kindle", "unixReviewTime": 1322092800, "reviewTime": "11 24, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AUUFYMZ06D8CY", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Deep Spaceus", "helpful": [27, 40], "reviewText": "Many others here have listed the many failings of the Kindle Fire.  While it is a device that may fill a certain --albeit limited-- niche, it fails miserably in some very important areas.I have been an Amazon customer since the late 90's, a prime member for at least five years, and have literally spent tens of thousands of dollars.  I have always been highly impressed by their customer service and overall efficiency.  When I received a Kindle 2nd gen as a gift from my son, I immediately fell in love with reading again.  It was a nice device that performed well the task it was designed to do.  So, when the Kindle Fire was announced, I pre-ordered it.  I did not expect this device to be an iPad killer or even a full tablet, but I did expect a device that would have a clean interface and work well.  When I received it, I was sorely disappointed by the clunky interface and performance, the lack of any customization on the main page, etc.  (read the hundreds of other one star reviews).  So, I decided to return it.However, my thirteen year old niece was interested in the Kindle Fire.  I thought about it and decided to give it to her for Xmas since her uses would be mostly for playing games and surfing the web (though i had some reservations about the lack of parental controls on the browser).  So, I did a factory reset, created an Amazon account for my niece, added a $50 Amazon gift certificate, and registered the Kindle to her name.  I was literally creating a new and future Amazon customer.I also figured I would pre-load the Kindle with a few games and leave a few dollars in her account so she could purchase more apps, music and/or books (I am an avid Amazon Cloud drive/player user as well).  I go to the Amazon app store on the kindle and try to buy a game.  The One-Click Purchase tells me there is a problem.  I click on the link.  It wants me to put in a credit card, even though the account has $50 credit in it.  I think this is ridiculous, so I call Amazon support.  The very nice lady that talks to me says that the One-Click option is not enabled and that she will turn it on for me.  She does this.  I try to buy an app.  Still get the problem that it wants a credit card.  I call Amazon back.  I talk to another nice lady.  She says that she loads her mother's Amazon account with gift cards all the time and she has no problem.  But the mother does not have a Kindle Fire.  She puts me on hold and spends some time talking to someone behind the scenes.  Then she comes back and tells me they are not sure what the problem is and they will call me back.  I wait 24 hours, no call back.  So, I call again, go through the ritual of explaining to the first responder that I need to talk to the digital purchases group (BTW, the first level of Amazon help is completely clueless about Kindle stuff.  They are there for regular order problems).  After a I am forwarded I get a guy that goes into a speech about how the Kindle Fire is different because of all the digital content, etc.  I cut him short and ask for a direct answer to my question: can gift certificates be used without a credit card?  He tells me that:GIFT CARDS CANNOT BE USED FOR DIGITAL PURCHASES ON THE KINDLE FIRE WITHOUT A CREDIT CARD.Apple (iTunes) and Sony (Playstation Store) allow this easily.  Why can't Amazon figure this out?  Isn't this a somewhat obvious thing required for children?I reset the Kindle Fire back to factory settings, put it back into it's box, and got a return label from Amazon.  Now I am out $50 for the gift certificate that my niece can only use for... what?  I really don't know.  I call Amazon back and explain the situation and they tell me they can send me a gift certificate for the $50 to my own account.  At least they are accommodating in this respect.  I am also out a few more bucks for the return shipping since according to Amazon I am returning the unit for no good reason, though I believe my reason is a darn good one.I used to love Amazon, but now my impression of them has been reduced a few notches.  I will continue buying stuff and using cloud music, but I will be very weary of Kindles or gift certificates since their whole business model appears to ignore the needs of families with children or those that prefer not to use a credit card.  They may be big enough to survive,  but I believe it is foolish to ignore a whole segment of the market.  Doesn't Jeff Bezos have children?On Black Friday Verizon had the Motorola Xoom tablet on sale for $200 with a two year plan.  I went to my local Verizon store, played with the Xoom for a while, and bought one.  Same price as the Kindle, though I do have to pay for the 4G lte plan.  But this thing is about a thousand times better than the fire.  10.1'' screen is actually the right size (The Kindle Fire 7'' screen was too small for magazines or web pages and I was constantly pinching and zooming.  Might as well just use my smartphone).  Unlike the clunky, jerky Kindle's custom shell built on top of Android, the Android Honeycomb interface on the Xoom is smooth as butter (Android is not the problem on the Fire).  I have access to the full Android market and Amazon app store.  Video, music, etc. are flawless.  32 GB of internal storage plus a micro sdhc slot for another 32 GB of storage.  No comparison.For $199 I would not expect the Kindle Fire to be a full featured tablet.  But my experience with the Xoom made the failures of the Kindle Fire too obvious.  I'm disappointed in Amazon for releasing the buggy, rough around the edges, not children friendly Fire before it was ready for primetime.  I know that they will improve it in future versions, but I get the feeling that this was a death march project to get this half baked piece of hardware/software out before the holidays.  And they are using all of us buyers as guinea pigs to figure out what sticks and what sucks.Note:  I edited and updated this post on 12/04/2011 to reflect the fact that I gave the Kindle Fire one more chance and decided that it would not work for me, my niece, or my wife.  So it is going back to Amazon tomorrow.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Highly Disappointing. Not for children or anyone without a credit card.", "unixReviewTime": 1322784000, "reviewTime": "12 2, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1XSM5YRSLE5IB", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Rodjon", "helpful": [30, 39], "reviewText": "THE GOOD:1. Good build quality.2. Easy to use & manage.3. PriceTHE BAD:1. NO PARENTAL PURCHASING CONTROL! if you have Wi-Fi connectivity and access to the fire, anyone can purchase anything. This is absolutely embarrassing, C'mon Amazon. This should be a simple sw change to allow the current default behavior or to require authentication..2. Touch screen is sometimes unresponsive.I did notice when I first received the device that the micro-B connector seemed a bit weak. After less than week of use both of my fires micro-B ports had noticeable play when connected. With with one I had to move it around to find the correct position before it would charge. Seems like a significant design flaw for something that has to be used on a daily basis. I really don't want to return the fires, but both will need to be returned.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Can't restrict purchasing", "unixReviewTime": 1322352000, "reviewTime": "11 27, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A25LM23UM50GD", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [19, 39], "reviewText": "Kindle Fire First Impressions.Kindle Fire, you are going to want to hug this thing!This review has a backstory. I knew I wanted to *see* a Kindle Fire in action in person, so I went to best buy after work and talked with one of their sales people  (a huge dude with a love for computers) told me they were having a launch event and that Best Buy and Amazon would give the first fifty buyers fifty-dollar gift cards when they went on sale at eight in the morning. It was three-thirty in the morning. I guessed I was first in line, which, with a little luck, makes me the first person to buy a Kindle fire in a New York store, at least the photographer who kept pointing the Canon SLR at me seemed to think so.Sitting here, outside the excitement of the moment, I realize that I shouldn't have wanted to be first that much--that I should have let the camera give me pause (\"look, ma! I'm promotional material!\") and I'm going to spend a while wondering if I shouldn't have switched places with the guy who had been \"online\" down in the lobby starting at around the same time.I think I'm going to spend long nights thinking about being in a newspaper coming directly after a ten-hour shift  of bar security and several hours of waiting. There's something about it that makes me think, \"maybe stepping behind the other guy on line might have been a good idea\" Maybe he should have been the first one in line, I get the idea he wanted to be, but I insisted.I don't know if I'm going to like being in the papers, but I have the first Kindle Fire sold at Best Buy in New York City and about that, I have no regrets at all.As far as the device is concerned, it is simply amazing. The technologies are that make it work are mind-blowing. The price point is perfect. Under the right circumstances, you've never seen web-pages load as fast as they do on the kindle fire--sometimes, not even on your home computer--and those flash-problems that  Apple decided to solve by cutting flash out of the equation altogether? They are no problem on the Kindle Fire. The Fire's browsing system displays flash in some forms but not in others; as in \"random web-site? No problem\" \"Hulu.com? \"we don't do android.\"If you want my first impression of the Kindle Fire, imagine someone standing on a hillstop shoout \"AMAZING\" at the top of his lungs.This is just a first impression.More to come...", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "You're going to want to hug this thing!", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2XPJW7QR0DMHU", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Kevin", "helpful": [29, 39], "reviewText": "I was hoping this $200 device would be a nice substitute for a netbook since it has a touchscreen, do web browsing, email, simple stuff.  For the most part, it serves that purpose. But that's about all the good things I can say about the Kindle Fire.My complaints/disappointments:- Slow response. Having an iPhone 4s, I can definitely feel the difference in lack of responsiveness with the Fire. On the Fire, it feels slow and laggy.- Touchscreen is not precise. I have to press buttons more than once on many occasions; especially the smaller buttons inside apps. Trying to highlight text (for copy&pasting;) becomes very difficult because I can't accurately position the selection cursor.- Device doesn't come with a micro-USB cable to hook up to PC so you have to run out and buy one (unless you have one handy). Why not do something like the iPhone? USB cable + USB power adapter?- Amazon Silk is not what it's cracked up to be.  Slow. Not impressive at all. And I use 802.11n at home.- The device does NOT show videos you download to it. Only videos bought from Amazon appear in your Videos. BIG disappointment. MP3s, fortunately, do appear in your Music.- Amazon Prime was a scam. If you've used your Prime Trial within the last 12 months, you don't get to try it out again. And it's only for one month... For some reason, I thought it was 1 year trial.- Children's books (Kindle edition) cost a fortune! So why the heck does a Kindle Fire version cost more than print version?? E.g. \"Brown Bear\"- Maybe it's just me, but I couldn't find the place to change the wallpaper images.- Auto-zoom (when you double-tap an area in browser) is NOT intelligent. It basically just zooms in, but not smart zoom to fit text.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Cool, but not great. Laggy, unresponsive feel.", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A383HZH9F6P348", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 39], "reviewText": "Whats up peeps? I've been looking for the latest gadgets and stuff to keep myself entertained while I hibernate during the winter.... and I came across this Kindle thing. The entire concept of this product makes no sense, why would anyone want to read books on a screen? I don't know about you but I enjoy going to the bookstore and paying $100 for a book and carrying it around places. Just seems more convenient... Not to mention reading is for dumb people anyways!!The kindle is NOT for intelligent or productive people...Smart people like me do more productive things such as:Watching Jersey Shore.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Stupid product. Watching \"Jersey Shore\" is more entertaining.", "unixReviewTime": 1324166400, "reviewTime": "12 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3SBUNRXS7T86K", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Rachael Parker", "helpful": [37, 39], "reviewText": "I love this little gadget, it was pretty much what I was hoping for, it's fast, portable, relitively easy to use, it is a tablet, not just a kindle reader.  Has a great bright screen, movies look great!  easy to surf most of the web.  A few things I would change, you cannot organise your books in catagories and I don't like that, I have over 800 books!  the on/off switch should be at the top, not the bottom of the device, you can rotate many apps so that you can leave the button at the top, but not all of them will rotate, and it's too easy to accidentally turn it off.  And I would put a volume button on the top or side of it, I know you can tap the screen to adjust volume, but it's too easy to do something else!!  overall though I am happy with my purchase, and I'm hoping that Amazon can at least fix the organization problem with an app or software upgrade.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Love my Fire, does still have a few flaws", "unixReviewTime": 1321747200, "reviewTime": "11 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A129L44X49PKHU", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [24, 38], "reviewText": "I had purchased a kindle touch and fire for my daughters in January. The Fire died  in the Minneapolis Airport. She called Amazon and they said she should return it for an exchange. She was on her way to S. Korea and they refused to send replacement to her. She tried to return it in the airport post office but with shipping, it weighed over 1 lb and they don't ship items more than 16 oz. My daughter went to an airport shop that sells Kindles to see if they would do an exchange -they refused. She ended up purchasing another on. She was so disappointed. When arriving in S Korea it cost her $30 to ship the bad one to me. It also had a $25 protective screen on it that she had purchased locally. I contacted Amazon about the defective kindle and they refused to refund money or do anything with it. I finally managed to get an exchange but that didn't help my daughter since she already had one with her. I had liked the Fire, so I purchased one in Jan before my daughter's caused problems. My Fire started to freeze and would not accurately sync between fire and iphone. It was so frustrating. Mine did not cause problems until Feb.more than the 30 day return policy. After much discussion, they finally agreed to send me a replacement. It arrived within 24 hrs.However it didn't work. I called Amazon again. I asked to speak with a supervisor and was told none was available. I would receive a call back later that day at a prearranged time. The call never came. I called again and asked for a supervisor. All he would do was send me another replacement. I was so frustrated and tired of hearing empty apologies. With much heated discussion, he agreed to refund 80% of the purchase price. I told him it was a slap in the face. It's not my fault that I have 2 non-working Fires in my house. I should not be penalized for their inferior product. Again I heard empty apologies. I finally got angry.He decided that I should have my money completely refunded upon receipt of the 2 bad kindles. I'm so frustrated with their so called customer service that I'm not sure if I would ever purchase another kindle or even do business with Amazon again. I purchased a total of 3 kindles and 2 were defective.That's not a very good track record.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Poor quality. Don't waste your money", "unixReviewTime": 1330992000, "reviewTime": "03 6, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A12CDTNRPSI8SE", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 38], "reviewText": "Let me tell you a story, of how I pictured yesterday going. I would get the Fire, plug it in, charge it load a bunch of content on it and to my cloud storage and go!Reality though was a bit different.  Anybody that calls this a cheap tablet needs to be taken out and smacked with a stack of Ipad 2s until they come to their senses.  It is not a tablet, it isn't even that good of a book reader.  For as long as Amazon took to work on this, it feels rushed and buggy.  When half of amazons own content wont even work with it at this point and the plans for fixing that are months or years in the future.It does have a few good things.  The sound is good, as are the colors and the sharpness of picture.  The fact I could at least drag and drop part of the content directly to a folder was very nice indeed.There are 3 main issues.#1, as has been said by many.  The Information andbuying have to be shored up. Look Amazon, I know you see this is a way to sell stuff any time somebody wants, but you need to use a bit of common sense.#2, It is SLLLLOOOOWWWW.  If this is Amazons idea of a speedy unit, I would hate to use one they considered slow.  Changing from one thing to another has a noticeable pause, and if the unit is on for a couple of hours, the pause can be in the 3-5 second range before it does whatever you want.#3  The big ZERO for me though, is the fact though Amazon has had many months to get ready for it, content they themselves are pushing, such as the Unbox has no timetable for an update as I was told sometime in 2012.  It forced me to upload content I purchased from Amazon, to their Cloud service to load it on my device.If you want a device that does everything the Fire was advertised, I would wait until the Fire 2 or 3 comes out, or do like I am going to do, return this and buy a Nook.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Overhyped and Underperforms", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A24J6PQ0FN55A6", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "WestGrl", "helpful": [35, 38], "reviewText": "I've never owned an e-reader and never owned a tablet. I was weighing my options with various tablets but becoming discouraged by the high prices. Seriously, some of them cost more than a lap top. Then I heard the rumors that Amazon was coming out with their own tablet at a very low price. The day it was announced, I bought it, and today it finally arrived!First thing is, you have to be realistic. This is not an iPad, it's not meant to compete with an iPad. Amazon has created a tablet that is affordable for those of us that can't spend $500. In order to make it affordable, some of the bells & whistles were eliminated. So to even think of comparing this to something like an iPad isn't realistic. If this is what you are expecting, you will be let down.When your Kindle Fire arrives it is in a box with just the Kindle Fire, the power plug, and a card that shows you how to turn it on & unlock it. The rest you either figure out for yourself or look up on the website. It's a little refreshing to order something electronic & not have it come with a million inserts and pieces. The tablet itself has a very shiny surface so reading in sunlight will be difficult. I have seen screen protectors advertised as low glare that may work. The back is a sort of thick rubber. This will help prevent slipping, dropping, etc and gives it more of a durable feel. It powers on quickly and set up was extremely fast! No issues at all connecting to my WiFi!The display is bright, you can adjust to your liking. I found this a plus, if it's too bright for reading you can easily dim it down. Pictures were clear & crisp. The touch screen has given me no problems so far.Web browsing was fast. I have seen some complain it's too slow but I found it comparable to my computer and much faster than my Samsung Galaxy phone. I attempted various websites with no lag at all.Your Amazon Cloud drive is easily available and all of my music showed right up as well as apps I had already downloaded from Amazon on my phone. You do have to reinstall the games so if you already completed every level of a game like Angry Birds, you'll have to start over. The games played easily, no issues with closing, freezing, etc. so far.Your purchase includes a free month of Amazon Prime if you don't already have it. This includes free instant movies. I decided to try an instant movie & was very impressed! I expected to have to sit & wait but a full length movie was available almost instantly! It played with no problems, and the image was great. I found myself wishing this had a hookup so I could attach it to my tv. Kindle Fire does use their Whispersync technology. So if you have a device that is compatible, you will be able to view a movie on your device (tv, blu-ray player, etc) where you left off on your Kindle Fire.Reading books was easy, most likely works the same as a regular Kindle. My only real complaint is that everything you look at or open ends up in your carousel. So far there is no way to personalize this option. I am hoping in a future update, they will add this in.Overall, for Amazon's first time out, this is a great little tablet for what they charge. It will give many people out there that can't afford a more expensive one the option to own a tablet & e-reader. Also, if you want to give this as a gift, there is an option to \"deregister\" the device. This will allow someone else to register.UPDATE 11/19/11: I discovered I cannot print from the Kindle Fire. I own a HP Envy wireless printer that makes an app available for Android users for free to print from a device. I have this installed on my Samsung Captivate & can print from it with no issues. The Amazon app store does not offer this nor does it offer any free wireless print apps that I could use in it place. Well, I found 2. One is in Beta & requires you to install Google Chrome, the other costs $12.99. Very disappointed and I hope Amazon offers something soon.On a positive note, I found the Kindle Fire charger also works on my Samsung Captivate which is an unexpected convenience.UPDATE 12/23/11: Amazon issued an update today to help with any issues with sluggish speed (I did not have this issue) and to fix one of the biggest complaints, to remove items from your carousel! I keep my Fire on when charging overnight. I picked it up expecting to have to download the update. Imagine my surprise when I realized it was already downloaded, installed & running. Couldn't ask for better service than that!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Great beginner tablet", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A28J159MJCIDZF", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [14, 38], "reviewText": "There are about 45 things on the kindle fire that you CAN'T do... and about 5 things you CAN do.CAN'T:You can't access your off-amazon material after you upload it to the cloud. There is only 6.5 GBs of storage space for side-loading on the device, so you can't really side-load enough of your personal content to make it useful. You can't customize the home screen. You can't customize the web browser. You can't cutomize your favorites bar. You can't delete app icons from the app screen. You can't move icons around. You can't move bookmarks around in silk's bookmarks screen. You can't do anything with the graphical interface that you would want to do.CAN:You can purchase apps, movies, books, and music from amazon pretty easily.  That's about it.You can also have a massively cluttered screen with a useless shelf of 30 icons that you recently used that you can't change, rearrange, or delete.The kindle fire is nothing more than a 7 inch too-large-for-your-pocket redbox kiosk that is less mobile than your smartphone and less useful than your laptop. It really serves no purpose other than to sell you media from one store... and the lack of customizability of the graphical interface is shocking and disappointing from an \"industry leader\" like amazon.I understand that they want you to buy all of your media from them, and heck... from their point of view it's a great business plan. You can't do anyting with this thing that doesn't include buying something from them (except surf the internet on a poorly designed browser that is actually slower than every other browser in my house).I also understand that they did not advertise this as a tablet pc... just a kindle. So, I guess they can sleep at night while they advertise this as a flexible, speed-centered device that allows you to seamlessly fly around the internet and access off-site digital media (none of which is true).I'm only going to be able to sleep at night after I take this thing back, which I will do as soon as I'm done with this review.Unless you want to spend thousands of dollars on media from amazon and then display it on a 7 inch screen, don't buy this.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "The worst device I have ever purchased.", "unixReviewTime": 1322438400, "reviewTime": "11 28, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2QV4GF06YBTPO", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [19, 38], "reviewText": "I have to say I LOVE Amazon.com.  But, what I feel for the Kindle Fire is no where close to love.  To start, it took two hours to get the Kindle Fire registered.  I literally entered my password no less than 50 times.  Still, I thought maybe it was because there were millions of us trying to do it at once.  If that was all, I would have forgiven easily.  Unfortunately, that was only the start of a painful and frustrating process.The connection to my wireless network was a problem also.  That took dozens of tries to get on (before the registration issues of course).  Once the product was finally registered, the user manual keep erroring out indicating it had not been registered.  The dictionary did the same.  So, I tried to view the internet, timed out.  Then I tried to stream an Amazon Prime movie, no luck.  Then I went through this cycle over and over again with not a single bit of success until I finally got Google.com to come up.  That search timed out as well.  I kept trying to get it to work for five hours...  it's going back tomorrow.Oddly, when I was running the Kindle Fire, my wireless connection slowed for all devices in the house.  My wireless desktop rarely times out, but it was not able to bring up normal pages.  My Roku player timed out which almost never happens.  My iPad and iPod were having trouble as well.  When I shut off the wireless on the Kindle Fire, no more problems.  It was like the Kindle Fire was causing the wireless problems which was causing the Kindle Fire not to work.  Weird.  I even tried disconnecting everything but the Kindle Fire and it did not help.  I run 4 to 6 devices continually on my wireless...  it's not the wireless.What makes this worse is that it was a gift for my wife and that pretty much ruined the last two days.I'm no Apple fan boy, but I'll say that the iPad and iPod experience was no comparison.  Push the button, enter the wireless password, and BAM! your device is working within one minute.  That was exciting.  That's where Kindle Fire needs to be.  Even for a $200 device.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Sorry Amazon, Very Disappointed", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A31E6D6DH5ZJLT", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Steve Goldberg \"Steve\"", "helpful": [33, 38], "reviewText": "I like to think of myself as a reasonable fair-minded person. In this case I must give a decided \"thumbs down\" on my new Kindle Fire. I really WANTED to like it, really I did. In fact, I was all ready to take back the Vizio 7\" tablet I had bought from Costco 2 months ago but ...While this product has great promise and while I applaud what Amazon is trying to do, I think they rushed this product out for the holidays without having done proper testing. The touch screen experience is downright horrendous. I swear that I must hit something 4 or 5 times before it registers. (The no-privacy carousel has the opposite problem - it's overly sensitive.)The positives:The minimalistic design is nice. Although I really miss volume buttons.In other ways the hardware is great (screen has good strong viewing angles etc.)Streaming seems to work wellBrain dead simple set upGreat Amazon consumption deviceThe negatives:The terrible touchscreenThe terrible non-changeable keyboard (I'm even writing this review from my iPhone 4S - doing it from the Kindle would have been pure masochism)The lack of volume buttonsThe lack of privacy with the carouselThe location of the power button and headset jackI've even side-loaded many Google Market Apps I'd purchased for my other Android Tablet and though they work and make this device more like a true tablet (including real Gmail email), it doesn't save this device at all.Wait for new firmware or a complete new version (i.e. Kindle Fire 2).  The new Fire will be more of an Android tablet killer (and who know, maybe it will even have a run at the iPad).", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "I really wanted to like it BUT ...", "unixReviewTime": 1322352000, "reviewTime": "11 27, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A320NYVVIZSZGY", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 38], "reviewText": "They come out with a bigger screened version.  Some of us older folks need a bigger screen.  I'm just hoping if they do come out with it that the pricing won't be crazy like in the bigger screened Kindle Reader.  Come on Amazon.  Keep it real for us, knowing we'll be buying content from you as well.Will there be a bigger screened version, soon?", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Looks like a winner AND I'll buy one when.....", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1JLSBQAQU1JW0", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 37], "reviewText": "So far I am not happy with this device at all.  No instructions, will not turn on, will not accept password, does not respond to touch. This is not my first device of this type and thought I was getting an upgrade.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Not a good start", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3529CDBLV3C33", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 37], "reviewText": "The Kindle Fire is a disappointment on every level.  The pre-release hype about Whispersync hopes that the average consumer will not notice that what you really wanted and expected was Whispernet.  One of the biggest selling points on every other Kindle device and model is the ability to buy and download a book from Amazon wherever you are.  Leave the house or office, and the Fire completely fizzles out! No Whispernet and no new purchases for Amazon.  Pre-release hype talked about watching videos any where with Whispersync - again playing on the confusion with Whispernet.To add insult to injury - Amazon will ignore this review, bury with the other negative reviews, and hope I just go away, while they keep my moneyRATED AS ONE STAR BECAUSE THERE IS NOTHING LOWER", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Not even a spark - DO NOT BUY THIS KINDLE", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2DVDPUB4GIPO2", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 36], "reviewText": "Yes, it is a nice little tablet for the price.But Amazon continues their offensive refusal to include an expansion slot.And, newspapers look great, but I can't read one-handed - it is too heavy, slips, and pages oddly when I try to re-grip it, and when I read lying down, the auto-switch from portrait to landscape - NOT AN OPTION - makes it impossible to use as it keeps jumping at the slightest movement.Some of my subscriptions are \"not available\" on the Fire, a blatant violation of the Kindle claim.I expect I'll keep it, but I don't recommend it.PS.  \"Helpful\" is not a referendum on whether you agree - if you came here looking for confirmation of your favorable opinion, and did not find it - all joy to you for your enjoyment but get over the impulse to click a punitive \"not helpful\".  Or get out of the community.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Too heavy and twitchy. Content limited.", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3GNQRIJA00N31", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [23, 36], "reviewText": "Serious disappointment.  My goal with the Fire was pure content entertainment.  It seemed like an ideal platform for that -- right size, good screen, access to Amazon's video and book content.  I really wanted to love this device.  But like many fantasies, the reality is a supreme bummer.  This device is B-A-D.  Clumsy navigation layout.  Insensitive touchscreen.  Larded with a ton of bogus apps that can't be deleted.  WiFi connectivity seems to have some serous problems.  And the much-touted Amazon content is highly misleading.  The Fire lacks storage for HD movies and cloud access requires you to be tethered to a WiFi spot.  Magazines are unreadable due to formatting problems and books are far better on the original Kindles.  Overall, a bad piece of equipment that looks intended to line Amazon's pocket without giving the consumer anything worthwhile.  Keep your $199 and save up for a tablet with true utility and value.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Smoke but no Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ACQH6NYL7OUOB", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [17, 36], "reviewText": "If you are planning to purchase a Kindle FireKindle Fire, Full Color 7\" Multi-touch Display, Wi-Fi, think twice.  I bought one for my grandson and discovered he cannot set up an account because, as a thirteen year old, he DOES NOT HAVE A CREDIT CARD.  You would think that isn't an issue since he just wants to download free apps and free books.  For the times when he wants to buy something he will use a gift card.  Well, that is not a possibility.  Free apps cannot be downloaded without an account and an account cannot be created without a credit card.  An account CANNOT BE CREATED WITH AN AMAZON GIFT CARD.  I know this because I \"chatted\" with no less than three customer reps.  It would have been nice to know this before purchase.  If I had I would have bought a \"droid\" as his parents preferred. Next step...returning the Kindle Fire!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "WARNING before buying", "unixReviewTime": 1322092800, "reviewTime": "11 24, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AFE0EE6S1CK7S", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 36], "reviewText": "Well, there's not much to say....I waited for it, and I wanted one so badly---but.But the lack of a volume control (dedicated), minus one star.Lack of a mic, down another star.Lack of a camera, there goes another star.And no 3G?Amazon, what were you even thinking?It's a 1 star disappointment.  I got my daughter and myself a couple of Coby tablets instead.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Too many features missing that should not be", "unixReviewTime": 1322524800, "reviewTime": "11 29, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AG2O9DZ7M5E29", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "KD \"Kyle\"", "helpful": [35, 36], "reviewText": "A month ago, I went out an bought the Kindle Fire. I had been debating between the older, e-ink Kindle or saving up for a tablet computer, such as the iPad. I wanted something I could easily read books on, which favors the Kindle, but also wanted something versatile enough to run some of the apps I really like, which favors the iPad.Then, Amazon announced the Kindle Fire, which retails for $199. This intrigued me, as it apparently did many other people who couldn't afford the $500-$800 price tag for a true tablet computer. After much consideration, and just enough Christmas gift money to cover the cost, I jumped for the Fire.Initial ThoughtsThe Kindle came with a nearly-full battery charge, which was great, since I didn't need to leave it plugged in for several hours before using it. (By the way, the power adapter that came with it is pretty powerful, and will charge quickly. But, it's constructed kind of poorly, feels flimsy, and I have doubts that it will survive with a ton of use.)My first reaction to the Fire was that it is sleek looking, but heavy. The device in it's black cover is attractive. However, having used the e-ink Kindles, I did not expect the Fire to be that heavy (14.6 ounces). Nearly one pound doesn't sound like much, but it can get weighty when holding in your hand. Eventually, though, a user can get used to the weight.Initial start up is very smooth, especially if you already have a Kindle account with Amazon. (I did, since I also use the Kindle app for my Android phone.) Once my account information was entered into the Fire, it automatically listed all the books I had purchased with my Kindle account. All I had to do was download them to the device, and they were ready in just a minute or so.BooksOne of the reasons I went with the Fire over the slightly more expensive Nook was that many of the pre-1923 books are free. Amazon says there are two-million of them. That's pretty incredible. The 6 GB of space mean you can squeeze in about 6,000 books (minus all the apps). That's pretty impressive.On top of that, buying in the Amazon marketplace is extremely easy, and probably the finest example of how to construct an online market.AppsI encountered a similar situation with the Amazon app market. I have it installed on my Android phone, and anything I had purchased on the phone was available for the Fire, provided the app had a Fire version available.And that brings me to my first complaint about the Fire. I can appreciate that Amazon wants to ensure the app experience on the Fire is a good one, but they have blocked third party markets and non-approved apps, even though there is the option in the Fire's settings to install such apps. As a result, the user cannot access any of the apps from Google's original Android Market. This is disappointing, because there are some apps that are only available on the Android Market. Hopefully, Amazon will free up this ability soon.I assume there are two main reasons for the third party app issues. 1) With Amazon approving apps for the Fire (much like Apple does for its devices), Amazon can guarantee the apps will work. 2) Amazon also prevents users from using competing software, such as the Nook app. That's just business, and I don't blame Amazon in keeping users of its device from going elsewhere to buy books.To get around these restrictions, some people have rooted their Kindle Fire's to install a clean OS and drop the restrictions Amazon has placed on the device. I have chosen not to go that route, because at this point I am pretty happy with the Fire as it is. And, the issues I have with the Fire aren't great enough to warrant the time I would put into rooting...at least not until I replace it some time down the road.FunctionalityI give the Fire high marks. The screen and resolution are very good quality, and respond properly to touch. The dual core processor really shows itself on some of the more demanding apps. Object flow is smooth within apps, and appearance is above my expectations.The screen is big enough to easily view video for a single user or a couple of users sitting side-by-side. However, the 7-inch screen is not big enough to view well from a few feet away. Someday, I imagine Amazon will release a bigger version to accommodate parents who load their kids up in the van, and want to use a video to keep them calm.One thing I didn't expect, but was pleased to find was the built-in speaker. It isn't the greatest quality, but it is what you would expect from such a device. A headphone jack allows you to get top quality if you need it. But, since Amazon went to the trouble to include speakers, I had hoped there would be a microphone. I was disappointed to find there wasn't one.The speakers come in very handy when running apps or using an audio book. And that brings me back to books. One thing the Fire has that the e-ink Kindles do not is the ability to show color. My kids have really loved the picture books we have downloaded to the Fire. Plus, if you're able to find some books that have interactive parts, the Fire makes the experience even better.For standard reading, the Kindle is wonderful. Flipping through pages is easy, and can be done in two ways: either a finger swipe in the direction you want to turn, or a tap at the right or left edge of the device's screen. The ability to highlight and bookmark are things you would expect, and the Fire does them well.OrganizationThe home screen of the Fire when you first get it has a carousel at the top that shows all of your recently used books, apps and websites. A finger swipe allows you to scroll through these easily. Below that is a bookshelf with all your favorite apps, documents, books, etc. I'm not really a fan of the carousel. It is a bit too sensitive on the scroll, and simply looks better than it actually is.Each section of the Fire has a bookshelf where all the different items are organized. Apps, Books, Documents, Web and others are all in their separate categories. This makes organization very nice and neat.The favorites bookshelf is set up similarly, but not as easy to manage.NetworkThe Fire uses only WiFi, and has no other networking capabilities. This is a deviation from some of the e-ink Kindle models that provide free 3G service. I assume 3G is not included on the Fire, because data usage would be through the roof. Even still, Amazon should've made it available as either an add-on or a subscription service. I assume that 3G will be on future models with a data plan.For what its worth, many smartphones today come with the ability to be a wifi access point. If you have that service enabled on your smartphone, then your 3G problem is somewhat solved.The Silk web browser is okay. It gets the job done almost as good as the default Android browser. Again, this goes back to the third-party app issue. I would rather use a different brand of browser, but the ones I trust aren't available yet. The Fire's browser has a few minor issues that I don't really care for, but overall it will get the job done.My other apps that use the network seemingly have little problems from the device's perspective. Any lag or other problem is either due to an app programming issue or heavy wifi traffic.I do notice on my Fire that the device will turn off wifi when not being used. I haven't checked to see if this can be modified. Regardless, I like this feature, as it preserves battery life, and ensures an app on the device isn't eating up bandwidth when you aren't using it.Other UsesFor all the chatter that the Kindle Fire is not a tablet computer, you can't tell it by some of its functions. One of my favorites is the ability to use the device while giving presentations.When you register your Fire, Amazon gives you a kindle.com email address that is unique to your device. This is handy when you want to send a document to the Fire. Simply attach it to an empty email, and send to the Fire's email address. The Fire will download and save the file to it's internal memory.I have used the Fire and this method to do a couple of presentations when I have spoken this past month. By eliminating paper and books, the Fire made it easy to do these presentations.Final ThoughtsI really like the Kindle Fire. I'm sure that I would really like it if I rooted and did other things to it to make it more tablet-like. But, those things are not in my plans.The Fire has room to be improved, and future versions will hopefully address some of the more minor issues.All-in-all, I think it is a great product.For reference, I am only reviewing the Fire and my expectations for the device. I am not comparing it to any other device unless that device is of similar build, price and capabilities. Hence, the rating above is an opinion based on my expectations. You can view more reviews and thoughts at my blog, [...].Disclosure of Material Connection: I have not received any compensation for writing this post. I have no material connection to the brands, products, or services that I have mentioned. I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission's 16 CFR, Part 255: \"Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising.\"", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire is a Good Alternative to Tablets", "unixReviewTime": 1327536000, "reviewTime": "01 26, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A1IPOX0XHJN6P0", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 35], "reviewText": "Way too expensive and heavy as a Kindle, way too crippled as a Droid tablet. No Swype? No access to the Droid marketplace? Very limited apps? No Google Docs/Google Calendar app available? Browser crashes a lot.I'm returning it and getting a Galaxy Tab. Call me again when you have a tablet with 3G (or 4G, preferably) and real access to apps.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Wow, that sucks", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1LZKSH86ZJ4U5", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [10, 35], "reviewText": "I was excited about the new kindle and have owned many of the previous kindles in the past.  I bought one for myself and figured if I liked it I could buy them as Christmas presents this year.I did not like it, it is already all boxed up for return.It is simply deadly slow, something as simple as page turns are so choppy it makes you kind of dizzy, touch a spot on the screen and the delay in response is perceptible.  The screen itself is dotted with a grid pattern so it looks cheap.  It is heavy, really heavy, thicker then an iPad and very heavy for such a small device.The power button is located on the bottom, you know, where you hold it.  This amazingly inept design flaw caused my wife and I to turn it off several times in the first 5 minutes we tried it out.  Speakers are on one side so no stereo, no volume button so you have to use the software volume, unless you are playing a game, then you have to stop the game to change the volume!!!!The user interface is ungainly, it feels like an amazing tech toy from 2008, it's bad unforgivably bad.  For $199 it will sell a lot and that's too bad.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Dead Slow, Bad UI, Lousy Device", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1WPEB4V4SOZ2J", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 35], "reviewText": "YOU ARE BUYING A COMMERCIAL FOR AMAZON TO MAKE YOU BUY MORE STUFF!  NOTHING MORE THAN A CATALOG THAT DIRECTS EVERYTHING YOU DO BACK TO THE AMAZON STORE TO BUY SOMETHING.  WHAT A BUNCH OF CRAP!!!!! LOAD YOUR OWN PIC?  NO WAY.  EVEN AFTER SPENDING AN EXHORBITANT AMOUNT OF MONEY FOR A CONNECTING CABLE WHICH NOBODY TELLS YOU ABOUT; THEN SPENDING TOO MUCH TIME LOADING PICTURES AND VIDEOS IT STILL DOESN'T WORK.  BUT IS HAPPY TO DIRECT YOU TO THE STORE TO BUY VIDEOS.  UNREAL!!!!!!!!!HAD TO GIVE ONE STAR BUT IT RATES LESS THAN THATI AM SICK AND TIRED OF BETA TESTING EVERYBODY'S TECHNICAL GARBAGE!!!!!!!!!!!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "THIS IS A PIECE OF CRAP", "unixReviewTime": 1330473600, "reviewTime": "02 29, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A28Q8I5F7RG2ZE", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [10, 35], "reviewText": "Got mine today and I would give this four stars, but key pieces of software are missing--and all of them are available on the android market: Facebook, GMail, Google Calendar, Google Maps, Radarscope, etc.  You can apparently \"sideload\" these apps, but come on Amazon, stop being so proprietary and open this up to the Android market!  Then, I would recommend it highly.Also, it really needs a GPS.John", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Pretty cool, but missing key software", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2CN49JH000IDW", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "K. Anderson \"andersox\"", "helpful": [27, 35], "reviewText": "For the first week, I loved my Kindle.  I downloaded music, apps, movies.  I input my calendar and to do list.  Today, one week later, it doesn't boot up.  I plug in the battery charger and NOTHING.  Big, giant bummer.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "One week in and it won't boot up", "unixReviewTime": 1322179200, "reviewTime": "11 25, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2HVVWY1J6L23B", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 35], "reviewText": "So my new Kindle Fire arrives.First thing I read is Jeff Bezos' introduction letter, wherein he boasts \"Amazon Prime members can also enjoy ... thousands of books to borrow for free.\"  (emphasis added)The part Jeff conveniently left out is the one book per month farce.  What a joke.  Are you serious? You want $80 a year for Prime membership in exchange for the ability to check out a single, solitary book per month.  What if the book sucks after 10 pages? 30 pages?  A few chapters?  Tough, I guess.  Huh, Jeff?What if you do what I did, and before checking the fine print, download a board book (kid's book with pictures and like 12 total pages) on the first day.  I guess I can keep reading \"The Wheels on the Bus\" for the rest of the month, over and over again.  Thanks Jeff.  You really know how to keep 'em happy.Hey Jeff:  I guess if I live 83 more years (I am 37), I would finally hit the 1,000 book milestone.  (That's 1000 divided by 12 books per year- for those of you that are poor at math.)But wait, you didn't boast to have only one thousand......you said \"thousands\"  (plural).  I hope I live a few hundred more years, Jeff, so my $80 per year is not wasted.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Really, Jeff Bezos?", "unixReviewTime": 1321833600, "reviewTime": "11 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2Z92R33NYA2SV", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [10, 35], "reviewText": "Color me stupid, but I thought \"ok, it's an Android device...\"  It's going to have the basic Google Android apps... Gmail, YouTube, Reader, Docs, Maps, etc.  The ones that I use everyday.  The ones that are the central fabric of the Android experience.You can rave about any aspect of this device you want.  Until it gets the basic Google apps, it's a ONE STAR DEVICE in my book.  My wife and kids will probably want to keep this device, but it's really disappointing to me.My wife says \"They'll get the Google apps...\"  I say \"Amazon has had an app Android app store for months...  If they were going to get the core Google apps, they'd have them.\"Sorry folks, this is a deal breaker for me.NOTE: To those who are marking my review as unhelpful, I think you missed the point.  Unless my critique of this device is inaccurate, how can you call my review unhelpful?  Wouldn't you want to know the limitations of something before you buy it?  For those like me who depend on those apps, don't bother ordering this device.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "No Google Apps?  No Gmail?  No YouTube?  You have to be kidding", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3F01X5QZLIUW5", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Williame22", "helpful": [26, 35], "reviewText": "I bought the Kindle Fire with great anticipation. I get home, open the box and am immediately impressed by the design and styling. I turn the Kindle on and after a few welcome screens I am asked which network to connect to. I choose my home Wi-Fi connection and enter the router password. After five minutes of trying to connect to my router, I receive the \"cannot connect\" error.  I check my other Wi-Fi connected devices and they all show they have connectivity.I reset my router password to no encryption, disable my firewalls, and have my router accept all devices trying to acquire a MAC address, which leaves my entire network open and unprotected. I again try to connect the Kindle Fire to my wireless router and receive the same message that it cannot connect.I contacted Amazon customer service and explained my situation. To make a long story short, after four factory default resets, four manual software updates, four router and modem resets and as many network connection errors, the help desk said I should return it as they could not assist me any further.Needless to say, what I thought would be a great device, turned out to be just a lot of hype on the part of Amazon. It amazes me that a company could put such an untested and \"bugged\" piece of merchandise on the market just to increase their holiday sales. For those customers who have not had any problems with their Kindle Fire, congratulations and good luck.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire is a flameout", "unixReviewTime": 1321660800, "reviewTime": "11 19, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3G1HT8F4I41WX", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 35], "reviewText": "I have the Kindle 2nd Generation and am very happy with it. I can download books from just about anywhere. I was excited to get the Fire with it's WIFI ability.It wasn't clear in any of the info online that the ONLY way to connect is thru WIFI. No 3G or anything.  I do not have WIFI in my home and would have to drive somewhere to make the connection. I am returning the Fire.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Disapointed", "unixReviewTime": 1324512000, "reviewTime": "12 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3HIDIML5N6Z3B", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 35], "reviewText": "I am not sure what is the point of this device. The only thing good about the Kindle Fire is that it is cheap and it comes with Amazon Content.It is not reader as the screen is too good and hurts the eye for reading a book. The E-ink is less stressful on the eye. You can really watch an hour long movie on this as the screen is too small.I think Amazon should focus just on content rather the hardware to provide like Netflix which is on almost all my device PS3,Xbox,Internet TV,Iphone and Ipad on the other amazon Video is on non of them.It will be a fad for sometime..  and now it is official... just like Ipod which controlled the MP3 market Ipad will be ruler in the tablet market....", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Just cant help it ...not worth it", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3PN0J08MJ8SHC", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Shell6a", "helpful": [28, 35], "reviewText": "I have used a Nook 3g/Wifi for the past year and a half, however my husband surprised me with a Kindle Fire for my birthday. I have used my Kindle Fire more in just the past month than I ever used my Nook. It is amazing. I also love that with my Prime Membership I can \"borrow\" one book a month and watch the streaming free movies/television shows that are included in the Prime deal. Another added benefit to the Kindle Fire over the \"e-ink\" nook is that I do not need a light to read my book at night. I just set the background to black with white text and reading is as easy if not easier than it was with my nook. Great product at a great price. I love my Kindle Fire!!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Beats the Nook 3G/WiFi hands down", "unixReviewTime": 1323648000, "reviewTime": "12 12, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A74S17FABAHSC", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [13, 35], "reviewText": "I received my new Kindle Fire a couple of hours ago and so far... very disappointing.  It won't get and hold a wi-fi signal??  Is this just mine... or is than going to be an issue with the Fire?", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Wi-Fi issue?", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A77GNLF92T30E", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "E. Hale Burnside II \"Hale Burnside MD\"", "helpful": [29, 35], "reviewText": "This seems to be working as advertized It arrived at 11 am today , I live just south of the Atlanta airport UPS sorting facility . the fit and finish is perfect .  The video screen looks just as good as the apple ipad . When turned on it found all the Wi-Fi signals near by , and surfing the internet is very fast . it plays you tube videos as good as it gets . right now i am watching the rush limbaugh's show video online . if you use a computer to surf the internet for reading e mail , watching you tube face book twitter ect . then this is a great inexpensive good looking computer . The volume is a little difficult to get to , so I purchased a ear phone volume adjuster when I am using a external speaker . A  Koss VC20 Volume Control  is only a few dollars . The ear phone jack seems a little fragil , so we will see if it will last  .. You can get angry bird games , for free even . A lot of people will be excited to hear that .Sunday 11-27-11So far Kindle Fire meets or exceeds my expectations,but I have not been able to sign onto you tube. It seems to be a you tube situation, not fire. I AM SENT to a web page that is\" not available\" when I try to sign on. Anyone else with this issue?", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "The Kindle came today via UPS", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AJDSCN6SJ5VNE", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "J. Geoffroy", "helpful": [30, 35], "reviewText": "I am very impressed by the Kindle Fire. I was skeptical and expected that it would feel like a \"bargain basement\" device compared to my iPads. It doesn't.Here's my pros and cons after spending 3 hours with it:Pros:Much lighter than an iPadMuch easier to hold than an iPadMuch easier to type on than an iPadBrowsing websites is a breeze (hooray for Flash support)Accessing files on the cloud is much more intuitive than the iPadApp store is great, love the ease of use and free daily appAmazon video on demand is much easier and quicker than a Netflix appCons:I wish there was a mechanical volume control button and not just a touch screen versionSome web pages look small and I need to expand the screenFor what I use a tablet for (namely browsing the internet, reading books, watching videos, listening to music and playing with apps) it's an incredible device at an unbelievable price. If you make good use of cloud storage I see no reason to buy an iPad.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "As an iPad and iPad 2 Owner", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1FUXDBVAF0L77", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 34], "reviewText": "this product is not really a tablet computer.  It is a platform for Amazon to sell books, music and videos.  Works well for that, but no comparison to an iPad", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "no comparison to an iPad", "unixReviewTime": 1322006400, "reviewTime": "11 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1X6Y5D0FBXL2I", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Careful Consumer in SF", "helpful": [30, 34], "reviewText": "Update as of 12-12-11:After spending nearly 30 days with my Kindle Fire, I opted, in a tough decision,  to return it to Amazon. I stand by most of my comments expressed in my original review (below), but am returning the Fire for primarily three reasons:- After spending more time with the touchscreen after the firmware v6.2 upgrade, my initial positive reaction as to the improvement is muted a bit. Although much better, the touchscreen is still periodically quirky in terms of responsiveness.- As others have commented, the Amazon Fire App store needs to offer more options. I could be wrong, but I do not sense a great quantity of newly added apps since the launch of the Fire. Amazon has avoided pitching the Fire as a tablet, implying correctly (IMHO) that is a hybrid media consumption device. Even so, useful apps play a critical part in moving beyond basic e-reader functionality...and I still find them lacking.- During a cross country flight since my initial review, I had an opportunity to spend a few hours using the Fire in the e-reader mode. Unfortunately, I noticed quite a lot of glare from the screen, even in the modest ambient light conditions onboard my flight. This was even after I adjusted brightness and screen background color as much as possible.Given that my 30 day return window was soon to close, I decided to ship my Fire back to Amazon. Ironically, the day I did so, Amazon announced (via the NYT) that they are pushing out a major firmware update before Christmas. I suspect this is to address usability issues referenced in many reviews. But I still decided to return my Fire because, if the firmware did not improve my user experience sufficiently, I would be beyond the return window. That said, I encourage Fire customers who have sufficient time remaining in their return window, to wait for the forthcoming firmware upgrade and thereby give Amazon a chance to make things right. With a successful firmware fix, the Fire will have a lot going for it for an incredibly low price.Based on the above, I gave my Kindle Fire a final grade of C+. (As a reference point, I gave my original Kindle 1.0 an A- when I received it...the only negative being the inconveniently located \"next page\" button that made it to easy to flip ahead prematurely. So the Fire launch falls short of the original Kindle launch, in my opinion. Hopefully, the forthcoming firmware will close the gap...but too late in my case.)Now, here's my original review:To begin, if I had the option, I'd rate my Fire at a solid 3.5 stars.I have had my Kindle Fire for two weeks and am about half way through the 30 day return window. I have been on the fence as to whether to keep my Fire or send it back.As background, we have had the first, second and third generation Kindles and have loved them all. Like Apple with the tablet, Amazon invented the e-reader category and each successive generation of Kindle pushed the envelope in a good way. We are huge fans of Amazon and their approach to customer service. We are also Prime members and have been from day one. So my expectations for the Fire were high, but tempered a bit by the reality of how much \"goodness\" could really be squeezed into a $199.00 device.We also have an iPad and iPad 2. But we never expected the Fire to compete with the iPad. Amazon deserves credit (and Fire critics should remember) that Amazon never positioned the Fire to directly compete with the iPad. We love our iPads but they are essentially productivity devices. The Fire is an evolved e-reader and media consumption device. To paraphrase, if the Fire is from Venus, then the iPad is from Mars. If you expect the Fire to do everything an iPad can do for 40% of the price, I respectfully suggest you change your thinking because you will be disappointed. If you want to spend $500 for a bona-fide productivity tablet, the iPad 2 is the way to go.Once you adopt the proper mindset of what space the Fire occupies (a hybrid media consumption device and an evolved e-reader), how does it deliver on those expectations? Up to yesterday, I'd give it a C+. Don't get me wrong, the Fire has many positives...an incredibly easy set up process, a very nice looking screen and an appealing form factor. Netflix and Prime movies stream very well as does music from Amazon's Cloud. Reading books with the backlit screen (which is easily adjustable) is fine. The native e-mail client is basic but serviceable. My WiFi connectivity has been excellent...no problems at all. And the Silk browser is adequately responsive and does seems to get faster with experience for certain sites (USA Today, NYT). Those qualities, and a bargain basement price of $199.00, make the Fire a compelling consideration.The downsides, based on lots of use by me and my wife, are threefold: a quirky touchscreen that is sometimes unresponsive and requires several taps to work, the annoying non-editable wheel at the top of the home page revealing your entire Fire experience history and a scarcity of apps in the heavily curated Amazon App Store. (Anyone with a smartphone, be it iOS or Android, is used to an incredible array of apps but that is not the case...at least currently...with the Fire.)Since the clock is ticking on my return window, I was watching to see what, if anything, Amazon would do to improve things in view of recurring concerns expressed by negative and positive reviewers. Yesterday, Amazon quietly (perhaps too quietly) pushed out a firmware update (v6.2). After spending a day with the new firmware installed, the touchscreen responsiveness has been greatly improved. For me, it is no longer bothersome and I'm impressed with the improvement. Kudos to Amazon for addressing this issue! The wheel is still un-editable and, consequently is just taking up valuable real estate on the home page, but at least it rotates in a more deliberate manner. I check the App Store daily and scrutinize the \"new\" section and I still don't see lots of apps pouring in. IMHO, Amazon would be well served if they opened the floodgates and allowed more apps into their store quickly...and let the world know about it. (I assume they will never grant access to the Android Marketplace for financial reasons.) BTW, if you check around the web, you will learn how to \"sideload\" some Android apps without rooting your Fire. I was able to add Dropbox, the AP news app and a couple of others quite easily.The biggest positive is that, by pushing out new firmware, Amazon is showing that they are doing with the Fire what they have always done so well: listen to their customers and try to provide, in the words of Jeff Bezos, a great customer experience. I am encouraged, hopefully with merit, that more enhancements are in the works for the Fire including a more comprehensive fix for the clunky homepage wheel. We don't have kids and my Fire is password protected (very easy to do!) but I empathize with countless reviewers who have expressed justifiable concern about privacy issues and the ease with which kids can make purchases on their parent's Fire.So based on my belief that Amazon will stick to their exemplary customer service roots and continue to fix issues with the Fire v1.0, if my trial period were up tomorrow, I'd keep the Fire. But I have the luxury of monitoring developments over the next two weeks to see if other enhancements are forthcoming, including a more populated App Store.Based on the above, and a sense that there is \"wind in the Fire's sails\" generated by the firmware fix for touchscreen responsiveness, I recommend that you try the Fire. Drive it around the block...it really does many things amazingly well. If you don't like it, you have 30 days to send it back. But I'm betting that Amazon will work to make things right, realizing that they can't please all critics.On that note, I encourage you to read the specs for the Fire carefully and know what you're getting. With all due respect, it is hard to put much credibility into the reviews by people who purchased a Fire and then complain about no camera, GPS or 3G when it was clear from the description by Amazon what the Fire was...and was not. And remember, it's $199...that's $100 less than the Kindle 1.0 just three years ago!So, as of today, I've moved the Fire's grade up from a C+ to a solid B. If Amazon pushes out more enhancements...and communicates openly with their Fire customers, maybe an \"A\" is possible by the end of the semester!", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "I'm really encouraged! (in retrospect, prematurely)", "unixReviewTime": 1322697600, "reviewTime": "12 1, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A23TISZZ4Y937H", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Amy", "helpful": [31, 34], "reviewText": "I researched numerous tablets for months before the release of the Kindle Fire was announced. I specifically wanted a tablet (or a tablet-like device) for entertainment on the go - Playing games, watching movies, surfing the internet, and accessing my college e-textbooks (so I could leave the heavy laptop at home)... I also didn't want something that would require another data plan through my cell phone carrier. And, regarding size, I wanted something that was not too big and not too small (about 7 inches), because it wouldn't be too heavy or too big to fit in my purse.After playing with my Kindle Fire for a week, I have to say that I'm not disappointed and feel that the Fire is perfect; everything that I was hoping it would be.I never expected it to be my one go-to item for all of my data consumption -- like: listening to music, watching movies, playing games, reading books, surfing the internet, etc. For starters, I prefer iTunes for music (it's actually the only reason why I have an iPhone), and the iPhone is perfectly suited for music. Using Amazon's Cloud is a great idea on paper, but I refuse to purchase expandable storage (complete with yearly charges) in order to load my collection to the cloud. Nor, am I adding an additional $40 per month to my cell phone bill in order to tether my Fire to my iPhone just to stream music from the cloud when my music desires beckon. Besides, my phone is small enough that it fits in my pocket, or in a workout armband, or in the cup holder in my car... so my music is always at my finger tips.Unfortunately, not only are video files too big to fit on my iPhone, but the screen is also a bit too small to make viewing comfortable. Trying to watch streaming movies on the Netflix app is one thing when you can hold the phone in front of you, but trying to watch something like Transformers while running on a treadmill just gave me a headache. The Kindle Fire, however, is perfect for watching videos on the go. It's not too small to cause eye strain and not too big for my purse (or for the stand on the elliptical at the gym  ^_^). I can download a movie and several episodes of my favorite shows and watch them at the gym when there's no WIFI connection. In fact, I was pleasantly surprised when I downloaded twenty-two episodes of NCIS: Los Angeles and still had room to spare. Videos look super crisp and clear, and downloading was faster than downloading Unbox episodes to my PC!Game play is also great, and I may end up deleting 98% of the games on my iPhone and using only the Fire to play games.Regarding the ebook function - I haven't really used it all that much on the Fire. Due to the battery life and prior experience reading ebooks on my iPhone, I knew that I wouldn't want to use the Fire for reading books. So, I got the Kindle Touch. Both Kindles are so small that carrying them in my purse at the same time doesn't take up a lot of space, nor add a lot of weight. I probably would only read books on the Fire if I were reading at night with no lights on.Does it live up to the hype?In my opinion, for the most part. Especially when it comes to watching videos and playing games.Are there things that could be improved with the next model?Of course. There are always ways to make improvements with anything in life, especially when it comes to a brand new device that is fresh on the market. But, the improvements that I would like to see are by no means deal breakers, or otherwise take away from the incredible value of the Fire. I love my Kindle Fire and never leave home without it.Things that I would like to see improved on the next model:>>More memory. 16gb would be just about perfect.>>The ability to customize...--The ability to customize/change the homepage wallpaper and screensavers.--The ability to customize the tabs and/or create sub-tabs. For example: Under the Apps section, I wish I could organize my apps based on personal preferences, such as: Games, News, and Social Media. At the moment, the can only be organized by \"Recent\" and \"Title.\"**Edited**While this product is now outdated, I have to mention that several months after posting this review, my Kindle Fire found its way into a drawer and didn't see the light of day for a very long time. The apps were worthless to me, and the functions that I used the most, the Video and Web tabs, were not living up to everything I thought they would.I'm sure some of the features have been improved since 2011 in the new Kindle Fire. However, I decided to go with something that could sync with my iPhone for the best mobile functionality.I now have an iPad Mini 64gb Wifi, and couldn't be happier with my new purchase. I've already downloaded the Amazon Cloud Player and Instant Video apps, the Kindle app, and many of the apps that I already have on my iPhone. Coincidentally, the app that I've used most, so far, is the Kindle app. Go figure...", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "I love my Fire for watching movies and playing games...", "unixReviewTime": 1322006400, "reviewTime": "11 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AQLTJUWSDWXFJ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [14, 34], "reviewText": "Updated review-  USB cord arrived, update was transferred easily and registration worked fine.  Also, Amazon credited me $10 for the purchase of the cord, seemingly recognizing that they have goofed....Over-all the kindle fire is what I expected-  more entertainment device than tablet.  A bit sluggish and heavy, but hard to complain for the price!I will [hopefully] upgrade my rating after a usb cable arrives, that will allow me to actually use the kindle fire.  I just spend an hour with a service rep who concluded that I needed to update the kindle fire operating system (it is less than one day old) in order to complete the registration process.  The device does not come with a usb cable, so I cannot transfer the updated system until the cable arrives.  A $3 cable to use the $200 device?!  Sure seems like amazon slipped up on this detail...", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Useless without a USB cable!", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A14JOT1GS41ZCY", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 33], "reviewText": "Bought the Kindle 3G WiFi.  Two months later you come out with a color version at almost the same cost.  You suck as a company.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Bought Kindlw 3G too early", "unixReviewTime": 1322438400, "reviewTime": "11 28, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1H08N0SONUW2A", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [12, 33], "reviewText": "Working with an app developer, I've used many of the tablets on the market today. The Kindle Fire does a little less than all of them, but at a lower price. However, looking down the road it's clear that Amazon's plan with this device is a route that will ultimately cost consumers much more than they might think.First, you do own your Kindle, but then you don't really...not like an iPad or Android. Amazon has blacked out the ability for these products to sell used or new on their site by other sellers. My gen 1 iPad resold at only a hundred dollar depreciation when I got my gen 2. The Kindle we paid two hundred for is more or less worthless when we're done using it. If you like to upgrade your tech over time, a Kindle will cost you more.But the real red flag should come with the content charging scheme. The Kindle is Amazon's attempt to move to charging a premium for books, movies and music that can never be shared or resold. And I'm not singling them out...there are many other companies thinking along these lines. A recent Stephen King release sells for ten bucks both in Kindle and paperback. A difference here is that a used copy is six dollars. If I resell the paperback later, I get something back. Or I can give the paperback to a friend. Or I can donate it to charity and take a tax credit for a couple of bucks.Movies, newspapers and magazines are worse. Magazines that cost twelve to twenty dollars to have a year's subscription printed, packaged and mailed cost two or three dollars per issue on the Kindle. The magazines I get in the mail all had at least a 300% markup over a traditional subscription. As a consumer, I expect that if the publisher is pocketing a huge savings from not printing and mailing a physical product, they'd pass some of that along, not rub my nose in it with massive price hikes.The truth of the matter is that the world is moving in a direction where Amazon will be (thankfully) irrelevant. If we move to this pay-as-you-go digital subscription model, Amazon really shouldn't be in the middle taking a cut on every copy. You should be able to buy movies or magazone directly from the people making them, and the money spent should go toward creating new, better products, not manning a massive phone bank in India. And consumers should set the prices. Think about the materials, fuel, overhead and time associated with the sell of every physical dvd. If those retail for $20, a digital copy should cost much less...not more. And hey, if syncing is required on these devices, I should be able to resell my old digital copies. If I don't ever want to watch Pootie Tang 7 again (why did I spend $20 on the digital edition of that?!) I should be able to pass my copy to another user at the price I set, my copy being obliterated from my device once the sale goes through.The Kindle, and many tablets out there, are a bit of a deal with the devil. Consumers are getting a shiny new product today, but not really thinking about the future. But Amazon sure is, and the future they envision is one where every customer pays full price for every book, magazine, movie, cd, comic, etc they own, and that they make their fee on each and every copy out there. Higher prices, no sharing, corporations looking over your shoulder. This is what the Kindle is really about.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Not a good direction for consumer computers to go...", "unixReviewTime": 1322611200, "reviewTime": "11 30, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1TOSCSVP6QMOK", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 33], "reviewText": "Cumersome is the word I have to use to describe the web experience because hitting the right text and entering data into fields is just very cumbersome - sometimes you hit, often you miss.The Fire comes with only a handful of applications. I would rather call this a glare than a fire...Finally Amazon dicriminates me. I am in Boston but cannot get any content (music, apps) without an explanation other than that these elements are not available in my region. My credit card is non-US. Is this the reason? One of my motivations however was to get content whenever I am in the US. Very disappointing!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Cumbersome, no apps, discriminating", "unixReviewTime": 1322611200, "reviewTime": "11 30, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A26NUWIXDKCJQ6", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Markbc", "helpful": [31, 33], "reviewText": "After using the Kindle Fire for a couple of months.I recommend buying the Kindle Fire if:1. You have an Amazon Prime account.  I think this is the most important criterion since having an Amazon Prime account makes Kindle Fire deliver the most bang for the buck.  Tons of free videos, you are likely to be shopping on Amazon anyway, and you are likely to be using Amazon bookstore (which I think has the best selection of books, newspapers (and maybe) magazines)2.  You read e-books. (sort of wrapped up in point one, but it you don't read ebooks, then about 30% of the functionality of Kindle Fire is lost to you -get another tablet that does different things!)3. You have steady or routine access to a wireless network. (not 3G /LTE !)4. You have tried out or tested, LIKE and feel COMFORTABLE with the seven inch (7\") form factorIf you don't feel happy with ALL of the above, stay away from Kindle Fire, it's not for you.Also if you really want to buy and IPad, but are thinking of buying the Fire just to save money, don't!You won't be happy with a substitute, constantly thinking, \"would this or thatexperience have been better on \"IPad,\" or \"what can IPad do that this can't\"?I think that few people purchase a Kindle Fire without first thinking, \"which is better for me, an IPAD or Kindle Fire\"?  I own both, so here are my two cents:IPad2 is slick & has more functions. However I found that my IPad seemed more of a toy -not cheap, but a device that was drawing me to spend a lot time -waste a lot of time. What do I mean? Well with the IPAD, I was always trying to create/discover more and more and more uses for the IPad. Some of the apps were constructive; but much of the time was spent trying to squeeze some functionality I normally do elsewhere onto the IPad. This was not efficient, usually was more a waste of time... Yikes!Kindle Fire is more focused in its utility. I sought this in the tablet since I realized that what I wanted was a more focused (some might sneer \"limited\") tablet tool that fits what I do (and with whom I do business). (with a few tablet tweaks along the way!)Also, after using the Kindle Fire, my IPad2 seemed harder to hold, clumsier to handle. Now when I walk around with the IPad, I feel like I am carrying around a discus or big plate in my hand.I only need or want a tablet for: READING, (books, news, magazines, etc.)Casual VIDEO WATCHING, Light WEB BROWSING for shopping or knowledge.Those are my primary uses for a tablet. Kindle Fire works better for me for these functions.  Of course, it is personal preference; and I really like the smaller, easier to handle size. It just feels more solid and less like a weird disk in my hands.  (Enough IPAD-Kindle Fire).Reading:I replaced my older Kindle reader with the Kindle Fire and have no complaints. Some people complain that the Kindle Fire backlit display is bad in direct sunlight.  Most of my reading is done on the couch, or waiting in a car, or at a table somewhere, or the like. It is rare for me to be reading by a pool, or on the beach, or in direct sunlight. I try to avoid sunburn.Video:When I watch video, I watch (mostly) Amazon movies and TV shows on it (most are the FREE ones that come with the Amazon Prime membership), sometimes our family videos as well.  I watch the commercial video through streaming (no problems!) and have tried and used the download-to device option, but we can't download the free Amazon Prime membership videos!Amazon movie prices are generally the same and sometimes lower than ITunes or Samsung or Google movies.  I find holding my Kindle Fire was quite comfortable. But I don't always hold the tablet to watch -I purchased a traditional style \"Marware\"cover. It not only is slim and sharp looking, but it supports the Kindle fire much better than the pretty blue, very-flimsy, magnetic cover that I purchased with my IPad2 (OK, yet one more IPAD comparison;-).Sometimes when I am working on the computer I will put a video on the Kindle fire and set it up next to the computer. (Of course, I could watch the same movie on a browser in the computer, but it is more background noise for me and it doesn't get in the way with what I am doing on the screen.)As mentioned above, you can download films to the machine and watch them that way. I think you might be able to fit three maybe four movies in memory (I have not tried to max it out). This is good if you plan to drive on a long trip (or a short trip with kids;-) and perhaps if you are traveling -flying for example. I would not do that as the normal method of watching -unless you are habitually in a bad wifi area.Music:If you are using a Kindle Fire, you might as well use the Amazon Cloud (I uploaded my music library to the Amazon Cloud). Amazon provide something like 2Gigs free, and additional Cloud storage is not particularly expensive. The music interface is via the Amazon MP3 app and it is OK, not the best, not the worst.  Of course streaming music only works when I am in a wifi area, or if I tether from some other WIFI-providing source.I could load my music onto my Kindle Fire, but for the number of times I use the Kindle Fire for music, and given it only has about 6gig of storage space available, I would rather save the time and space.Kindle Fire speakers are better than my IPAD2 speakers (again!), but that is not saying much.  I have a small portable speaker I can plug into the Kindle Fire when I plan to listen in a noisy area. Too bad the blue tooth is not enabled, so (for now at least) you need a cable or wire-connected speaker.Email:It works just like any Android phone and I get multiple email accounts on it. (This is redundant and only used when I feel too lazy to walk over to the computer or pull out my phone to check the emails ;-)Productivity Packages:There are several office productivity packages available that work on Kindle Fire. QuickOffice Pro with PDF is the one I use if/when I have need to deal with files on the tablet. These apps let you open and edit MS Office documents with a varying degree of control.  Most are available in the Amazon Android Market (Amazon still calls their market a market ;-)Android Tablet Functionality:This is an Android tablet, but Amazon has modified it to optimize the \"Amazon experience,\" or something like that. Many folks poke fun at the Amazon interface, but it is really quite clever and useful, once you examine it and use it a while.  I still use it on many occasions.You can easily \"un-optimze\" the Kindle Fire and turn it into a \"real\" android tablet simply by changing the launcher from the Amazon interface to a traditional Android launcher like \"GO\" or \"ADW ex\" (my favorite).  If you do this it doesn't hurt anything on the Kindle Fire and you can flip-flop back and forth between the two launchers (KF and your choice) very easily.  Doing this provides the user with a more traditional access to applications, but not much else.ROOTINGA more significant step that you can do with Kindle Fire is to \"ROOT\" it. This is to gain ownership /access to the tablet's system files.  You already own your Kindle Fire, but the file system is protected from you, in part so that you don't break it by mistake.The protected /stock Kindle Fire operating system has a downside of limiting the add-ons you might want to make, or customizations you desire to the look/feel of the tablet.Advice:  If you are using your Kindle Fire simply as a Kindle reader-with-multi-media-extras machine, then I would say don't bother rooting it.  It is not worth the effort.  Stick with the Kindle Fire original interface (\"launcher\"), or switch launchers and you will be able to get some personalization without worrying about \"bricking\" or damaging the machine.But, it if you want to do more, (here comes that time-wasting thing again;-) then you can find a dozen YouTube videos to show you, how to root the Kindle Fire.  Even though I have only pretty basic uses for a tablet, I did not follow my own advice and rooted the Kindle Fire and added recovery to it as well. But really, the only advantages for me in doing so are:-- I was able to install some of the Android Phone Apps that I already purchased on the Google Market (Google fun) that fit my use of the tablet.-- I was able to add back the \"real\" Google market (play!) to broaden my choices of apps.-- I was able to make two complete backups of my setup and applications (one via  Titanium Backup that requires root, and one on device in a system add-on/modification called Team Win Recovery Project (TWRP).-- I was able to personalize/customize the Kindle Fire interface better. I can control the screen backgrounds and some other functions; and changed them to what I was accustomed to on my android phone.-- I have added or tried out new applications that might not be able to be installed on the stock Kindle FireWARNING! if you do root the Kindle Fire you will lose the ability to watch the \"Video on Demand\" Amazon functionality, even if you are an Amazon Prime member!  To me this is a big loss. Watching videos, most conveniently provided by Amazon, is a big use for my Kindle Fire.Fortunately, I discovered that rooting can be undone, and one can return the Kindle Fire to its unrooted \"controlled state\" (look for \"OTA Rootkeeper\") with the touch of a button or two (virtual buttons, since there is only one darn button on the Kindle Fire!).While I have rooted my Kindle Fire to do some modifications, I find that I spend 90% of my Kindle Fire time UNrooted, since I am in and out of the video application several times a week.  (Kindle Fire reading and MP3 listening are not affected by rooting/unrooting -at least it does not appear that way to me!)In addition, rooting also provides the ability to switch or change out the basic operating system version that is used by Amazon (I think it's 2.3) to other versions of Android.  These other ROMs present different styles and even more customized look/feel.  But here is another real warning --if you do change out the ROM, that is if you go beyond simply rooting Kindle Fire and then replace the Amazon version of Android with another version (\"flash a different ROM\"as it is called), it seems to me that you lose -really, really lose the ability to use Amazon's video on demand.So, while you could \"flash\" the newest version of Android, Android 4.0 ICS on to your Kindle, if you do that you won't be watching Amazon on Demand Videos after that (OTA won't help!). At least until you flash back to the stock rom!  For me that negates one of the main reasons for having the Kindle Fire -at least the way I use it.  Of course you can always use other video sources, but since this is the Amazon Kindle Fire, it is easiest to stay with the brand.Finally, I have tried the new ONLINE Windows desktop on the Kindle Fire. (That was kind of tricky to install!). It works well and delivers a very usable MS Windows experience on Kindle Fire, However, I have already mentioned my reasons to use the Kindle Fire, and using it as a Windows connectivity tool is not one of them.  While it is a clever and sharp product, it is not for me. I will probably soon remove it;-(The point is that if you want to, you could stretch the Kindle Fire's functionality.In conclusion, I think Kindle Fire is great as it is (with a few tweaks) since I use for the purposes for which Amazon pretty much built it.*If* I wanted to reinvent the Kindle Fire, or if I were seeking all the extra functionality (newest Android Rom, camera, Bluetooth, video teleconferencing, etc.) I could add back a few of those Tablet options and functionality, but in that case I think I would just buy another tablet (or keep using my IPad2 that is currently gathering dust on the shelf!).This is why I think that if you are (1) using the Amazon \"eco-system,\" and (2) understand what Kindle Fire is meant to deliver, i.e. the functionality/limits/purposes of the Amazon Kindle Fire, and (3) like the 7\"form factor, then Kindle Fire can be the best choice for a tablet purchase.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Advice on buying a Kindle Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1331251200, "reviewTime": "03 9, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A2CQ3EAC613SQU", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 33], "reviewText": "I was really hoping an E-Ink display would be on the back of the device.  Now I have to carry 2 devices, one for reading in the day and another device for email, surfing, and reading at night.I'd gladly pay another $50 for an E-Ink screen on the back.  Please just give me both!The eInk Kindle is one of the best devices ever made.-------------After using the Fire for a few days, here are my opinions.Pros-----Video streaming is pretty awesomeI like the beige color for the book readerCost, how'd they do that?Form-factor, size - it's just so portable, way better than an iPad.Built on Android, Source code availableCan side-load apps, (apps not available on the amazon app store)Does all your Amazon contentCons-----No e-Ink screen on the back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The screen is too glossy (what are you trying to build, dumb glossy Apple devices)Home screen GUI is terrible, not very responsiveYou have to side-load a lot of apps, many apps are not in the Amazon App storeNo native gmail, google voice, or google calendar apps (have to use the mobile web site)Web surfing is painful with the choppy scrolling.  I can't stand to use it for reading web content.Seriously though, the GUI is really bad. Why try to copy Apple with no dedicated buttons?  Not having dedicated back, home, and details buttons is annoying.  Jeff, all you have to do is extend the digitizer to the edge of the device, then just etch out an outline of each button, then depending on orientation, you make the buttons slightly glow.  Android is years ahead of Apple on UI, why not leverage all their efficiencies.  Apple built their UI once and it hasn't changed much since rev 1.  Give me a call, I can help you destroy Apple.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "there's no E Ink display on the back", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2KPDZ5DQSZI00", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Jason", "helpful": [26, 33], "reviewText": "Let's just say that this is exactly what I was looking for.  I wish I could bold the letter \"I\", so I don't have to hear all the IPAD Dooshes talk about what this thing is lacking.  I know how to spell by the way.  This surfs the web, plays movies, tv shows, apps, and music.  It does it all very well and is pretty much seemless.  I would not have spent the money on a tablet had this not been offered at this price.  \"I\" honestly was not looking for anything more, or anything less.  I just wanted something that sits on the coffee table for me to grab anytime I wanted to look something up on the web, or wanted to keep one of my kids busy.  I knew that was not worth $500.It does stink that many of you did not get one delivered when you were first in line.  I am sure the people at Amazon hate that fact, and know things got f'ed up.  You will eventually get yours, and you will be happy to have access to everything the Fire has to offer.As for the Apple people..  we know!  We know it doesn't have 2 cameras.  We know it doesn't have the memory.  We know it is not an Ipad so shut up already.  We also know Apple will sell a lot fewer Ipads which in the long run will have no effect on anyone except the people up top who only get a $5,000,000 bonus this year instead of $10,000,000.  Stop defending something that has no bearing on your lives.By the way, this thing is pretty sweet, and I actually really like the size.  Enjoy!Jason (neither Android or Apple user)Sent from my Verizon Blackberry", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Well rounded perfection", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2YP7JPI48MRG8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 33], "reviewText": "Jeff Bezos, as part of the escalating \"infowars\" with Google, Apple, and possibly Facebook, wants to \"chain\" you to a proprietary stream of information, all under his control. It's probably made in factories like Apple's Foxconn, and, if customer service is as bad for it as it is for top-1,000 book reviewers, you'd better hope this thing doesn't break.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Don't buy this dreck", "unixReviewTime": 1322179200, "reviewTime": "11 25, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A365VG4MLX65PH", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 33], "reviewText": "So the Kindle Fire that I ordered for a gift for my husband arrives while I'm out of town for a couple of days.  This was ordered and noted as a gift.Across the front of the box is printed in inch-high letters \"KINDLE FIRE\"There's goes the surprise from Santa!  Why bother wrapping it and waiting for Christmas when the outside of the box announces what's inside?", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "What part of \"This is a Gift Order\" don't you understand?", "unixReviewTime": 1323043200, "reviewTime": "12 5, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3GTMWS3ZXHZ5F", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 33], "reviewText": "The kindle fire is slow' not User friendly, frustrating to say the least. The instructions are vague. I have an apple Pc and an iphone, this is NO iPad for sure. Yes, it is going back to the store. You get what you pay for I guess.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "no Steve Jobs for sure", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ABTXEH7O5CPE0", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Amazon Customer \"jeffmpls\"", "helpful": [23, 33], "reviewText": "Not a bad feel when I got it out of the box.1. First thing I noticed was the unbelievably poor location of the ON/OFF button. Whoever decided that should be let go.2. Fairly easy to synch all of my e books. However the Home page menu is a screwed up mish mash of a mess. I do not want to page through a trillion books and apps to find what I need to find.3. No external volume button. Really?4. 1/2 of my ebooks (735) will not display their covers. Ridiculous.I could go on but other reviewers have said it all.For now I'll return it and let Amazon work out the kinks. I believe they will. I'll stick with my Ipad and Kindle Keyboard. (Amazon have a look at the percentage of bad reviews on the Kindle Keyboard and compare to the Fire.)I'll perhaps reorder they work the bugs out.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Like so many I was so wanting to love this.", "unixReviewTime": 1322265600, "reviewTime": "11 26, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ASW2W6F38COOB", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Ian Watkins", "helpful": [29, 33], "reviewText": "I received the Kindle Fire that I purchased for my wife this morning (11/15) around 11am.  The fire comes in a nice durable box, which seems a little too big for the product, considering it's size, but hey it's well protected.  Setting it up was VERY easy.  Basically hit the power button and follow the 3 step process of entering a wifi network and it is set up.  It quickly downloaded the new software update and I was on my way.The colors on the screen are truly beautiful and brilliantly bright.  The screen is not anti-reflective, so it does act as a mirror in bright light, but all tablets seem to do this.  I can tell from very little use that the screen is top notch quality, it just feels solid in your hand and is smooth to slide your fingers across.The build of the device is very nice as well.  The rubberized back reminds me of my Kindle 3 (or Kindle Keyboard as it is now known).  It is a little thicker than my Kindle 3, and weighs a little more, but is still very comfortable to hold in your hand. I am not sure if there is a need for a case of any type, I might be interested in getting a sleeve to keep it in, but the quality is great enough that there is no fear of it breaking from normal use - I'd even wager it to withstand a drop or two.  The speakers are fairly loud, though only on one side.Downloading content is simple and fast with a wifi connection.  I downloaded 5 apps and 4 books in a matter of moments and all were working wonderfully.  Fruit Ninja was pretty responsive and I only had one or two problems (which may have been caused by the user and not the machine) with non-responsive swipes during game play.The app store seems fairly easy to navigate and it is easy to make purchases; but Amazon has purposefully made the set up of purchasing an app in such a way that you have to click the price button, then click buy now when it changes over.  This was done to prevent accidental purchases, and is very nicely done at that.The only complaint that I have seen is that it sometimes does seem unresponsive to swipes or taps.  For instance I tried to open Angry Birds and tapped the icon three times with no response, but when I tapped directly in the middle of the app, it opened fine.  The same thing happened when trying to drag and app to a different position on the favorites shelf.  Also, it is a little hard to open in book references, or at least it was in the NLT Life Application Study Bible.Overall this seems like a great user friendly tablet.  Hopefully updates to the firmware or software will eventually prevent the unresponsiveness.  I would recommend this product, as I have used both iPad 1 & 2 and now the Fire - and while the Fire is NOT an iPad (it is not intended to be) it is still a very good product.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Pretty Awesome Device", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A18S2VGUH9SCV5", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Margaux Paschke", "helpful": [28, 32], "reviewText": "I was hoping that this could replace a Kindle or be an alternative to the iPad but it turned out to be neither, which isn't a bad thing but means it's yet another devise to add to my \"must haves\" (Kindle and iPad). Great.  At least the price makes it less painful.  Many others have more detailed specs and are more qualified to provide them so I'll stick to my thoughts after spending hours on it.I wish they didn't tag this device a \"Kindle\" which instilled the hope that I could trade in my Kindle DX for the Kindle Fire but the lack of an e-ink display makes it the same reading experience as using the Kindle app on an iPad.  Okay but not as great as the regular Kindle line which is close to reading a physical book and the lack of 3G makes this Fire very affordable but not as convenient as the Kindle.  Also, it does not work as a replacement for an iPad since it has no real working document ability, much smaller screen, no cameras and the apps are media oriented.  I do not think these two devices should be compared.The Kindle Fire does shine as a media tablet and nothing else comes close at this price.  It blows the Nook and other super e-Readers away.  The gorilla glass display is durable and the resolution is very good.  The screen is only 7\" but compares well against other e-Readers and even close to tablets (Samsung Galaxy has 8\" model).  They advertise an operating system of Silk but digging shows Android 2.3; all I know is that it operates smoothly and nothing like other tablets running Android operating systems.  Smooth touch system and screen keyboard.  I found no issues and am very happy Kindle took this direction since switching between Apple and Kindle devices proved frustrating (I'd swipe at the screen automatically and as much as I love my Kindle, it always made it seem archaic with button controls).  It seamlessly provides my Amazon MP3 player, Amazon-on-Demand videos, Netflix, Kindle books, Facebook, Android apps (games) and plenty of cool additions.  My sons really like the comic book option!  It also allows easy import of iTune material.  Yes, the Kindle Fire is Amazon centric just like iDevices are with Apple but at least Amazon is more open and allows non-Amazon material.  Given a choice, I'd pick my music, book and video libraries from Amazon every time over iTunes.  As it is new, I need to test the battery and will provide an update after more usage. Although I will note being unhappy with this charging plug being different from other Kindle devices which were interchangeable.I am less pleased with the fact it only offers wi-fi connectivity, 8 GB option only; and the micro usb port instead of a standard usb port.  I understand the economics behind wi-fi only but it makes this tablet less useful when traveling outside the home and could involve usage fees.  Secondly, Amazon Cloud helps expand storage but at a price.  Offering the first 5GB free (with more available at a reasonable price) and have all Amazon purchases stored free helps but what if Amazon Cloud goes down?  Good luck getting access then and 8 GB fills up quick if you are storing books on Kindle, your Amazon MP3 collection, games and any videos, magazines, etc.  Lastly, having a micro usb port means carrying around an extra cable for use with standard usb ports.  Seriously, who wants to carry around more cables?  which makes this connectivity less useful.  Overall, these are minor when compared to the services and options provided for $199.I am happy with this purchase.  Nothing else on the market can compare to this media based tablet for $199!  And I have tried more than a few.  I wish Amazon wasn't so crafty with their creation of a devise that does not replace either the Kindle or the iPad but the low price point makes it easy to swallow.  If I had to choose just one tablet, I'd lean toward a wi-fi and 3G device but at $199 with no monthly fees, it will appeal to many as the tablet to own.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "NOT A KINDLE & NOT AN iPAD KILLER BUT SOMETHING NEW", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1CO3SJBT2O92S", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 32], "reviewText": "Failed withinI spent all day waiting to arrive in my home and NOTHING!and now? i paid amazon prime, please where i can put a claim ?", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "AMAZON PRIME ??? - Failed by the deadline", "unixReviewTime": 1322611200, "reviewTime": "11 30, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1DF7ELF55XPPD", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [15, 32], "reviewText": "Amazon pulled the greatest mass market swindle in the history of the internet!In its current software version (6.1) it is still buggy, lacks features, lacks software (most Android apps will not work on Fire), less then impressive hardware, and limited technical support (outside of account issues).Yes, Amazon is making everyone who purchased the Fire a *BETA TESTER* for the company!  That is why Amazon should give them $200 gift cards!Fire is an *expensive* Android tablet, one can find dozens of NEW tablets cheaper (less then $199) and have more features found on more expensive tablets, but perform about the same.Very limited choice of software compared to standard Android tabs. Amazon decided to limit what software one can run on Fire, and only sold though Amazon.  Expect to find a hot app on your friends Android tab not available on Fire.  Don't expect the content of the \"approved\" software to be filtered for violence or sex either (hear that, parents?).*No controls or limits on purchases.*  Anyone who holds a Fire and quickly charge hundreds of dollars in purchases.  Did I say ANYONE?  Someone gets a hold of YOUR Fire can charge hundreds of $$$ of stuff before you even realize it (read the other review posts).iPad is a better bargain then 5 Fires.  To even compare Fire to iPad is a gross insult to the Fire, because it will never live up to the quality of iPad (even the iPod Touch 4 at $199 is a much better deal)_Bottom line_, Fire is hype only.  If it did not have the Amazon name, it would not get any attention.  Is there any real advantage in Amazon's content right now?  Nope, none, nada!As of this December 2011 posting date one can manage to load the same content on any tablet (even directly from Amazon of all vendors!) with only a little more effort (I fully expect in a few months the ease of access and content will significantly improve from Amazon).HOPE for the future versions.  Overall the hardware is solid and changes to software can mitigate some of the limitations, especially with how Amazon distributes content from its store and customer cloud storage, but until then current Fire customers will suffer the pains of Beta testing this tablet (as a thank you they should offer a gift card).", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Amazon should give $200 in Gift Cards to all Kindle Fire Owners!", "unixReviewTime": 1323475200, "reviewTime": "12 10, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1WD7FN54SP6AU", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Ambam", "helpful": [26, 32], "reviewText": "[...]Product does what it is supposed to! Not an ipad, but not supposed to be. Very impressed with Amazon server and options available; smaller screen than i would like for a tablet, but makes it very portable. enjoying the free month of prime that comes with the fire and i love how fast the silk browser is! I would say if you are not wanting to spend 600 dollars on a tablet that can pretty much do everything, spending 200 on one that is pretty close with some really great stuff to go along with it is a real deal!", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Great product; does what it is supposed to!", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A22S712P5U6373", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 32], "reviewText": "This is not a Cyber Monday Deal.  Like all of the so-called \"Cyber-Monday\" hoax deals, this is the price that it has always been.  Wait for a real sale and don't buy into the Cyber Monday lies.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "No a Cyber Monday Deal", "unixReviewTime": 1322438400, "reviewTime": "11 28, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2K1CGK3EHO7U6", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [15, 32], "reviewText": "I fell into the trap of buying the Kindle Fire after reading \"professional\" reviews and NOT reading \"recent posts\" from Kindle Fire user reviews. I always delve into online reviews, more so then most, before I decide to purchase an item. This was a gift to my wife on her Birthday early in December, so we have had it for over 2 weeks, and now I am returning it. I was hoping for a affordable \"tablet\" replacement for my wife's aging Toshiba notebook PC. It appeared from all the whoop-la that the Kindle Fire was \"the solution\", but it fell short in many areas, some more then others.My wife's needs were fairly simple. She wanted a nice book reader, a place to use G-Mail, access to Facebook, wanted to use the same Android apps as on her smartphone, use the web, and play solitaire.Heavy-Poor Power Button PlacementAlthough the Kindle Fire is nicely packaged, it is heavy, weighing in at close to a pound. So, while reading it for any length of time, it wasn't easy to hold without propping up. The display for reading is fine, with various controls of fonts sizes and borders, and line spacing, but the power button is smack in the middle at the bottom, so when trying to hold it or rest on your lap, it is triggered all to often while reading, or in general use.Poor Touch Screen and User InterfaceIt is lousy. Our Motorola RAZR smartphones at a 1/5 of the size works better. My wife, who has smaller fingers compared to mine, has had continued trouble with it. While reading a book, it is fine. Touch left/right or swipe for page turns. But for web browsing, selecting emails, selecting links on a web page, changing settings, etc., it has rarely responded on first touch, or the keyboard selection wasn't accurate. This phone DOES NOT have a Swype keyboard option AND it is NOT available on the Amazon Android market (more later). Typically takes multiple taps for it to work. In next week or so, Amazon is supposed to have a automated software update to address this. Maybe it will improve. But the question is, is it only just a software issue or, a hardware related limitation. After now reading \"recent reviews\" on the Amazon site for it new touch Kindles - it seems they ALL have problems. The bookshelf display, top line on main page, shows recently used items. A book, an app, whatever you viewed last appears as a giant icon, on-top of last item used. You can flip through the icons, but can't edit the order, or delete them. Amazon's new update in early January is supposed to address this - I'm not waiting, but as is, is poor. Volume controls, no hard buttons. Need to pull down settings, and adjust. Not great for listening to audible books, or when steaming a movie. Movies, on the other hand I've tried and they are fine.Android Device, but \"Android Market Place - Beware\". Web Browsing - Amazon Silk is faster/better??Angry Birds. If you are a smartphone user, you play it, or know of it. It is available for free as is Words With Friends. Initially we were happy. But despite an Android OS, Amazon's Market place is not all encompassing. I felt I was deceived, and assumed the FULL Android App Market place would be available after seeing Angry Birds in an advertisement. They are not. My wife went to install the TD Bank app and the ING Direct app for banking.  Not there. Nor a Swype keyboard app to make the keyboard more friendly. After calling Amazon to find out why, the response was, the Kindle Fire WAS NOT designed for security and not all Android apps will work with it. Too bad, as for my wife that was the deal breaker - no banking apps to pay bills. There are 2 to 3 other banking apps available, but not the ones we use. But, what about using the web browser for our banking sites. Nope. As soon as we tried to log in, the Kindle Fire just hung up. Maybe it can't support HTTPS?. What about IMDB website, as we like movies, and are always using it. The browser couldn't render ANY of the pictures. It sat there. Silk browser. Amazon proxy is what it should be called, as Amazon controls what you see and how fast you see it. The web browser was slow to none functional, depending on the sites we visited. Playing YouTube videos was sporadic.SummaryDisappointed. Expected standard Android Market place, better touch control/response, and for all the media on the Silk Browser - it just doesn't work well, if not at all, for some sites. Placement of power button and user interface, poor, lack of physical power button, subjective- but would of been useful. It couldn't handle/provide what our smartphones could. I'm sure next year, by Holiday time, the Kindle Fire 2 will be out. That will be the one to buy. But this one, we are returning.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Why we are returning the Kindle Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1324339200, "reviewTime": "12 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2M1PZHUCX7EQ2", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "BradL", "helpful": [24, 32], "reviewText": "I was really excited to get a Kindle Fire since I wanted to use the Kindle's Read-To-Me feature to read many books while I drive and also have a media and Android device all in one.  There are tons of books that are never going to be converted to real audio-book format because they are either too technical, or too niche for the mass-market.  Unfortunately this feature turned out not to be available on the Kindle Fire.  But, the story gets worse.  When I called Amazon to confirm this feature didn't exist, the suggestion was to download an Android app that would provide the feature.  That didn't work either because the text-to-speech app sold in Amazon's webstore doesn't work on the Fire.  When I pressed the technical support person to tell me which application to download, they couldn't identify a single one.  So, the tech support team is clearly uninformed and is *assuming* that all will be made right with Android apps.I tried to download the Android app from my credit card company as well and that failed also.  (It's a big name credit card company...)  Finally, several of the Android apps I've downloaded have experienced multiple crashes (including Zynga apps).  Whether those are related to the apps, or the device I can't confirm, I don't have another Android device to test with.Searching the Amazon Android App store from the Fire turns up far fewer apps than the same searches on Amazon.com.  Not sure if that means the other apps don't work on the Fire either, but the result is that the selection of apps and games seems surprisingly thin (worse than my Windows Phone).The web browser experience is OK, but not as fast as I expected from the pre-release writeups about Silk and sometimes gets confused by popup windows.  I am often routed to mobile sites, rather than the full featured website, but this seems to vary by domain.The responsiveness of the touch panel is slow, with it frequently taking several touches to activate a button or action.When using the device in landscape mode (watching movies), it is easy to hit the power button by mistake, which necessitates unlocking again.  Also, both speakers are on one side, which is a little strange.  Given the bright, vibrant screen, the speakers should have been split to provide a better stereo field, but that's easily solved with headphones (when watching alone).The WiFi was easy to connect at home, but doesn't work at all from my office, while my phone's WiFi does work at work.The Email client built is is okay, but doesn't deal with multiple folders when organizing mail.Overall, the device is very good for movies, fair for books, and is worse than my Windows Phone for productivity and has a mediocre selection of games.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Disappointing as a book reader and web browser.", "unixReviewTime": 1322179200, "reviewTime": "11 25, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2UW8BW44NOGME", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [0, 32], "reviewText": "What happened to the 3G? I didn't realize you can ONLY use this product with Wi-Fi. You can't even open the first page without a Wi-Fi connection. It doesn't come with any written directions. You can't open it via your computer either. I have an air card for my laptop that is useless with this tablet. I waited a month for this to come in for my birthday and I'm very disappointed that I have to go to a friends, sit in a coffee shop or download to my computer and transfer to my kindle fire. :-(", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "disappointed!", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A37H8XW9K287QT", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 32], "reviewText": "Hello JeffJust read your book \"One Click\" on my old kindle 3G (you can tell i Was into kindle before)..... I have been an amazon fan loyal customer since 1998 it seems very very weird that AMAZON did not explore what customers outside the USA would have said if the Kindle Fire had the restriction of No DOWNLOAD IF YOU ARE NOT A US CITIZEN.SO Jeff Get to learn some basic, basic basic Customer Experience: ALWAYS WARN THE OUTSIDE CUSTOMER TELLING THEM THEY WILL NOT HAVE \"FULL KINDLE FIRE\" EXPERIENCE. You should have post this on Kindle Page.As for now what can i do.... become a US citizen...not likley... so I Can return the kindle Fire...not whay: I will have to pay (Again since i already pay $USD 74 of local taxes, I will have to pay again some $80 justo to send it back).... and go to the post office and drive and show a good face art postal office and more important  then anything i dont HAVE TIME.Jeff you were the Benchmark of Customer Experience, as for this big mess..... so sorry Bye Bye so called Mr customer Experience, YOU MISSED A VERY BASIC ONE!!!! (Amazing). So they say the great fall....", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "No us Citizen = NO MOVIES NO APPS NO NOTHING. Open letter to Jeff Bezos", "unixReviewTime": 1322870400, "reviewTime": "12 3, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3RB35LDXB29E8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 32], "reviewText": "I returned my Kindle Fire to Amazon the afternoon of the day I received it.  I was not able to connect to the WiFi in my home. The Fire said I was connected. However, when I tried to register my Fire I was told I was not connected.I tried to log on to the web from the home page and the click on menu would not work.With the exception of a small card with instructions on how to register the Fire,  their were no instructions received with the unit.  When I purchased the Kindle last summer I was very impressed with the detailed instructions provided and the ease with which I was able to start using the unit.  This was totally missing with the Fire.The Fire seems too small to be any kind of substitute for a PC.  The on screen key board letters were so small I could not use my index finger to type!  Trying to type any kind of e mail message on the Fire would be hell!While trying to register,  I had a problem with the key board disappearing. No instructions on how to make it reappear.All in all I was dissapointed with the Fire. I very much enjoy shopping on Amazaon.  I also love my Kindle. I hope Amazon has not over reached on this product.UPDATE: I dropped my Fire off at the UPS store on 15 November.  My credit card refund for the Fire purchase was received on 16 November. Thanks to Amazon for the speedy and no questions asked refund. Amazon is a quality outfit.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Not What I Was Looking For", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3US6GFTY647CP", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 32], "reviewText": "I can't believe that Amazon developed theKindle Fire, Full Color 7\" Multi-touch Display, Wi-Fiwith no memory slots! Only 6 gigs of useable memory that subjugates the owner to the dreaded \"Cloud\"!!!!! No camera or microphone. Power on/off in a bad location, (how about a slide switch to power the unit on and off). Amazon must think that only couch potatoes and the occasional user will be purchasing this device. If you are a business person, a traveler, a student, or an active person, then don't even bother with the Kindle Fire. If you are a person who does not have many interests, just sits around the house all day, and/or lives in a large city, then the Kindle Fire is the right device for you.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "No Memory card slot, subjugated to the dreaded \"Cloud\"!", "unixReviewTime": 1321747200, "reviewTime": "11 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ACHQSDHDSTO2Z", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Amazon Customer", "helpful": [30, 32], "reviewText": "Purchased at Staples - no preorder to wait for.Personal benchmark:  Kindle DX 3G, Kindle for Android App on Samsung Galaxy TAB 7\", Motorola Xoom Wifi, & HTC EVO 4GReally impressed with the Kindle Fire.  For somebody who reads textbooks for studying, the Fire is a much better experience compared to the units mentioned above.Here's what I like about the \"Books\"1.  ability to change line spacing2.  ability to change margins3.  seven typefaces (love Vendana)4.  direct one-touch navigation to notes and highlights (this was the dealbreaker for me--this feature does not work or very erratic and cumbersome on Xoom, Tab & EVO)5.  pretty stable (haven't had any force closure compared to constant occurrences on Tab, Xoom & EVO6.  zippy search function compared to nearly standstill  behavior on Xoom, Tab & EVO7.  all my eighteen textbooks really look cool on the \"digital bookshelves\"The other Fire features are fine with me.  My jpegs & pdfs all render nice and mp4s/mp3s play fine.Bottom line, I bought the Fire for its Kindle reading feature.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Price and features dictated purchase", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AD24ZEU8SIZ23", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 32], "reviewText": "After opening the Kindle Fire site, I clicked four different times searching for the price of Amazon Prime, a very important item when considering Kindle.  I did not find the cost of Amazon Prime, not even in the FAQ.  Hey Amazon; don't you think one of the first questions about Fire is what it costs to get Amazon Prime?  I conclude that owning Kindle would be a frustrating experience and will look elsewhere.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "hidden price", "unixReviewTime": 1335916800, "reviewTime": "05 2, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "AYLI8D24PX88P", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 32], "reviewText": "Great if you have all your eggs in the Amazon basket. Not so useful outside of that. I'm a photographer and was hoping to fit this into my workflow for showing proofs to clients. Nope.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Meh.", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1E1LEVQ9VQNK", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "J. Chambers", "helpful": [28, 31], "reviewText": "UPDATE (11-18-11): I've had the Fire for three days, and I've given it a nice workout. I'm still very impressed with it. There are a few features that I'm not happy with, like the carousel display on the home page, or the way the web browser lists Favorites, but those are fairly minor complaints. One thing that really impresses me is the ease of copying files from my desktop PC to the Fire. Plug the Fire in to the PC with a USB cable (I used the cable from my Kindle 3), the PC \"saw\" the Fire as a USB device, then I dragged and dropped picture files to the image gallery and music to the music directory on the Fire. It couldn't have been easier, especially compared to the arcane way of doing this on an iPad (going through iTunes). Thank you, Amazon.***************************I've had my Kindle Fire for a few hours now, and although I haven't checked out every single feature yet, I'm impressed. Although the Kindle Fire shares the Kindle name with earlier Kindle releases, comparing it to a Kindle 3, for example, is like comparing a Porsche with a Yugo. That's not a slam on the Kindle E-ink models--my wife and I have owned a K2 and K3 since 2009, and we love them. But the Kindle Fire is competing with tablets, especially the iPad. If it compared favorably with the iPad, the difference in price alone would seal the deal for me. For that reason, and because I also own an iPad 1, the iPad is what I'm comparing to the Kindle Fire.Both the iPad and the Kindle Fire have color backlit screens, which means they're great in poor lighting, but they wash out badly in the sun, unlike the E-ink Kindles.  It's a given that batteries will have to be recharged more often with backlit devices compared to the E-ink Kindles, but that's the tradeoff for backlit screens.The iPad has a 9-inch screen (diagonal measurement), and the Kindle Fire has a 7-inch screen. Either way, that makes the screen much larger than any smartphone or iPod. The Kindle Fire screen is big enough for fat-fingered people like myself, and with its smaller size and weight (14.6 ounces vs. 1 lb-5 ounces), it's considerably more portable. It's easy to hold in one hand, although I hope that Belken will produce a \"Grip 360\" device like they do for the iPad (note: now that I have my Fire, it looks like it may be too narrow for a Grip 360 to fit).About the size of the Kindle Fire: I love the screen size on my iPad. At the other extreme, smartphone (and iPod Touch) screens are too small for me to see well, and the keyboards-virtual or physical-are too tiny for my fingers. For me, Kindle Fire is a nice compromise between size and portability. If that's a concern for you, it's easy enough to go to a store that sells the Fire and make your own decision before buying.Now, what's missing from the Fire:No 3G. To me, this an advantage. I have a cheap cellphone for communication. Omitting the 3G in the Kindle Fire reduces weight and cost, and there are no exorbitant data charges.No GPS. Although the GPS locator is a cool feature on my iPad 1 (wi-fi only, no 3G), it's really not that useful without 3G. Okay, it is useful when I'm at home on wi-fi and need to see where the nearest restaurants or whatever are located-without GPS, I'll have to manually enter my address. The advantage is that without GPS locator services, the battery should last a lot longer without recharging.No camera. My iPad 1 doesn't have a camera, so I won't miss it. Again, my cheapo cellphone has a decent camera, and if I'm at home, I have a much better camera than I would have in any mobile device.No video output. It means you can't send movies from the Fire to a TV set through an HDMI cable. This could be a deal-breaker for some people.No microphone. The iPad has a microphone, and there are some nice dictation and song recognition apps. Also, without a microphone or microphone jack, there's no way to Skype. I really wish they had included a microphone or at least a microphone jack.*  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *Here is my hands-on impression after using my Kindle Fire for a few hours.The color touchscreen display is very bright and sharp.The Amazon Silk web browser works acceptably well, and hallelujah, it supports the Adobe Flash Player (thank you, Amazon!).The built-in email app was very easy to set up for my Gmail account. The built-in mail app works fine for me.The built-in stereo speakers-as with any small mobile device-aren't so great, but there is a headphone/speaker jack.I already miss the Maps app built into the iPad, but hopefully web-based map applications will suffice. I did notice that the apps store has a number of map apps; hopefully some of these will run on the Fire.One of the main reasons I bought the Kindle Fire was to stream movies available for Amazon Prime subscribers. I streamed a trailer for \"Elizabeth,\" and it looked and sounded fine.I doubt if my Kindle Fire will replace my Kindle 3 for reading ebooks, but I was interested in seeing how well magazines and newspapers looked on it. I took a trial subscription to \"Popular Science,\" and the first issue loaded in a few seconds. It looks like the Fire will be a nice magazine viewer.I loaded a couple of books from my Kindle library. I did notice the slight hesitation when flipping pages that some reviewers have noted, but it's not enough to be a concern for me.The Fire has a USB 2.0 port with micro-B connector. Amazon has online instructions for connecting the Fire to a PC or a Mac, and for transferring files from a PC or Mac to the File. It sounds like basically the same procedure as for an E-ink Kindle. And it certainly beats the arcane methods you have to use to transfer files to and from an iPad.I wasn't crazy about the \"carousel\" display of all my media (mostly books at this time) on the home page, but I see that the ones I don't want shown can be deleted. EDIT: actually, after using my Fire for a full day, I don't think they can be deleted.Initially, my biggest concern about the Kindle Fire is the very limited internal memory. 8 GB, with only about 6 GB available for user content and apps, just isn't very much, especially when compared to the minimum 16 GB in an iPad. I wish Amazon had built in 16 GB or provided an SD card slot. I imagine that decision was based on production cost, and I do have to hand it to Amazon for producing such a marvelous product for the price. And it may be that with the Amazon Cloud, internal memory will be much less of an issue than it once would have been.I've had Amazon Prime for several years, and it's been great for the free 2-day delivery. Now I'm really looking forward to streaming movies into the Kindle Fire. I'm not sure how many books I'll be reading on the Kindle Fire, since I love my Kindle 3 for reading, but Amazon's new Kindle Owners' Lending Library looks like a hit.The bottom line: I love the Kindle Fire. It definitely has the potential to be a game-changer in the tablet market, with its many features and a killer price. But I don't necessarily see it as an alternative to the iPad. It's pretty clear that the Fire is designed to be a super Kindle that will feature media content (regular ebooks, interactive ebooks, magazines, graphic novels, music, and movies), whereas the iPad and most other tablets emphasize apps. The Fire has a nice app selection (notwithstanding its lack of hardware such as GPS and a microphone), but with its limited memory, you're not going to store hundreds of apps on it. Neither will you be able to store many movies, so that emphasizes the need for wi-fi in order to stream media from the web or from the Amazon Cloud.A year ago, I doubt if I would have bought a Kindle Fire, even with the low price. But now, with the Amazon Cloud to store music, the streaming media available for the Fire through Amazon Prime, and the ability to view magazines in color, the Kindle Fire looks like a definite winner, maybe even a game changer in the tablet market.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "I think a game changer has arrived!", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A20Z2H9PRH0649", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Flmtrain", "helpful": [28, 31], "reviewText": "Reading internet reviews will make your head spin. Before I purchase a new item, I always try and research it. Problem is now a days no matter how good or bad a product is, there are always split reviews. A ton of people love the product and a ton hate it. I think it all has to do with why you are purchasing the item and how you will plan of using it. Don't get me wrong, some products are just that bad that 95% of the reviews are bad. I researched the Kindle Fire for a week before purchasing one.My story is that I bought an iPad for my wife almost a year ago. She is not one to use computers alot and the iPad made it easy for her to check email, Facebook, surf the web, Netflix, etc. I use a computer all day long and really don't want to spend two hours a night on a computer. I have an iPhone that works fine with last minute checking email, Facebook, etc. but most nights right before bed it would be nice to have a device larger then my phone, that is where the Kindle Fire comes into the picture for me. I have never owned a Kindle but heard good things about them. My wife is usually using her iPad in the evenings and right before bed so for six months I thought about purchasing another iPad but just could not bring myself to spend $500.00. My wife heard about the Kindle Fire and told me I should buy one, which I did one week ago.The Kindle Fire actually surprised me. I am not an Apple Fanboy but I have enjoyed their products over the years. I still have a windows desk top computer at home, my high school daughter uses for school and I purchased a Macbook Pro for my older daughter to use away at college. The Fire does a lot of things very well. I spent a lot of time using it over the long holiday weekend. I watched movies, which they played with no problems. I have checked email, Facebook, surf the web, played games, read a book, etc. Email is OK but not 100% user friendly, yet it gets the job done. Facebook is great, youtube is great, games played no problems. I think the overall physical size is fine. I like the small 7\" size, fits in your hand good and works great for movies, games and books. Magazines are the only thing that the size of the unit is a bit small and would work better on a larger unit. For me, since there is an iPad in the house which I have used, I have something to compare it to, but for people who never owned an tablet type computer they will not know any difference. I have Comcast internet at home so the Kindle works great. I brought it to work today and used it during lunch and it works great. I took it to Panera Bread over the weekend and it was running very slow due to their internet connection. It does need a good fast connection or it will run slow.Not going to make this a very long review about how great or better, etc. the Kindle Fire is but if you want a good solid device, this unit does what Amazon put it out to do and for $200.00 you can not get a better device on the market now. Most places have a 14 day free return, buy one and try it out, then you will know if it fits your needs.Good luck!", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Not an iPad but really a nice unit for the money", "unixReviewTime": 1322438400, "reviewTime": "11 28, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2VHB8OW68RB7C", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [18, 31], "reviewText": "Amazon did their usual fantastic delivery, exceeding expectations.  However, my expectations for the Fire were quickly doused after some six hours of usage.  Where do I start?  In general, I found the Fire not user-friendly.  Scrolling was erratic and irritatingly prone to calling up an item that I did not want, causing me to go back, which, in turn, made me start all over again only to have additional unwanted items come up during additional scrolls.  Next, after selecting an item I did want, too often it would disappear because my finger or thumb transgressed on some forbidden part of the screen causing what I was viewing to disappear.  In addition, there is no volume control and if you are even slightly hearing impaired, you will need volume adjustable headphones.  Bottom line: The Fire is just plain clunky and way too navigation-intense and non-intuitive to be enjoyable.  Then there's the Carousel! --'nuf said on that sore subject by others!  Looking at the reviews, it looks like almost 20% of the buyers are less than happy with the Fire.  That's not a good launch percentage for any product.  My Fire was headed back to Amazon the day after I received it.  (BTW, I LOVE my Kindle e-reader!)", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Major Disappointment", "unixReviewTime": 1321833600, "reviewTime": "11 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A7S68UAD7G40U", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [10, 31], "reviewText": "I really hated this thing.I don't have a favorite tablet. In fact, I owned and tested this along with four other tablets when working with an app design company recently. As a perk, we got to borrow and use a variety of tablets.This was my least favorite. In fact, it was so bad that it felt like it should be in a totally different category. Comparing it to the xoom, galaxy or iPad feels a bit like comparing a tricycle to BMW, Mercedes and Audi. The other tablets feel sturdy and high tech. The kindle feels like a toy. The others ran almost flawlessly, the kindle lags and acts funny.I really liked the price, but the. I realized I was looking at the plain kindle pricing. This thing costs as much as a real computer! Sheesh.Overall, it was like borrowing a ten year old device. If I had this in 2001, the review would be better. As it is, I think this stands as a testament to the fact that merchants shouldn't build their own computers.What would I buy if I were to get a tablet? I don't own one, but like I said my company let me borrow several to test apps on. The Xoom and iPad were probably my favorites, and they seemed to have ten times the features.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Hated it...tested for a tech company, and had an open mind, but it sucks", "unixReviewTime": 1323475200, "reviewTime": "12 10, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AC4Y3CHIB7A7Z", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Amazon Customer", "helpful": [28, 31], "reviewText": "First of all, this is not an iPad, but Amazon never claimed it would be.  So let's look at it for what it is...FUN!I have a regular PC computer and an iphone.  I do not own a laptop or an iPad, but I wanted something to carry in my purse for entartainment purposes.  This does the trick.  So far I have watched a movie (great resolution), played Words with Friends, Angry Birds and Fruit Ninja, posted on Facebook, sent an email, read a chapter of a book and listened to Pandora.  And that's just in one day!I can hold the device in one hand.  It fits in my purse.  It's easy to use (I'm over 40 and not a techie).  It cost $199.  What more can I say?  The internet speed is fine, gaming works well, color screen is nice and bright and is much more comfortable to hold than an iPad.If you want to open your documents from the office to write a letter or make a PowerPoint, this is probably not the device.  It does not have a camera but I think people who use take photos or Skype with their iPads look a bit silly.  I have a good camera on my iphone and I just don't skype.When considering what the device is and how it can be used, it is amazing.  Plus with Amazon's great customer service and valuable Prime service, this thing is going to be HUGE for the average user.  Go get one.  You'll be pleased.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "An Excellent Entertainment Consumption Device", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AR4R526BEH5HQ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 31], "reviewText": "I was looking forward to receiving my Kindle Fire and it arrived right on time. In a matter of minutes it was out of the box and up and running.  The first step is to sign on to your wi-fi network. In my case this required me to enter the security key. This is when my impression of the unit started going downhill. I found it virtually impossible to use the keyboard and get the right character. Eventually, I got signed on.  After looking over my Amazon content which worked quite well I went to try to sign on to my Google Account. Despite an hour of trying with the impossible keyboard I could not get connected. Even though the characters were correct, I kept getting bad id/password error. At this point I decided I did not need this item and arranged to return it. Call me old fashioned but I much prefer using my 2005 Sony Vaio mini Notebook for casual access to the Web and Amazon.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "kindle", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A14RE6Q5D62N9N", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Mike", "helpful": [29, 30], "reviewText": "I've had my Kindle Fire for about a week now and I have nothing but good things to say about it. I want to first start of by saying that if you're expecting an amazing tablet computer that's going remove all you're daily stresses and give you a new outlook on life, you'll be disappointed. I know that I was expecting the Fire to help me manage my time more efficiently and to have a little fun with. It has not only done that, but much more. Honestly, out of the box, the device isn't very much fun; unless you consider the Kindle Fire User Guide a good read. That led to my initial disappointment with the Fire. I kind of a had a 'that's it?' moment. The more I started downloading books, apps, and uploading my music to the cloud, I found myself using the device much more, obviously. At this point, though, I wasn't really doing much on the Fire that I couldn't already do on my iPhone. I would normally just lay in bed at night at watch Netflix or something and, yes, having the bigger screen is really nice, but the added weight and awkward dimensions made me question my purchase.I am currently a college student. I bring my MacBook Pro around everywhere with me. There are a few problems with that, though. First, my backpack can get really heavy, especially if I have anything more than my laptop and notebook or two. If I try to bring my charger and a textbook in the morning, my back is hurting by noon. So I usually have to compromise and leave my textbooks in my room, naturally. Anyways, back to the Kindle. More than half my classes have their notes online that you can download as PDF's or Word Documents to you're computer. I recently started downloading them to my Kindle via emailing to my given @kindle.com address and they download right to my device! Now all I do is bring my Kindle to class most days. It's a feather compared to my laptop. The PDF's look great and I'm not as tempted to be distracted as I normally would be with my laptop. Now I'll get into some of the actual uses and pros and cons of the device.User Interface:The user interface (UI) for the Kindle Fire is probably one of its weakest points. After only about a week the 'carousel' is so cluttered I don't even try to use it for anything anymore. I either just go right down to my favorites or the section I know that program would be in. If you do chose to use the carousel, though, scrolling through it is pretty fluid. The Fire also allows you to use it in portrait or landscape. I find myself using it in portrait most. Rotating the screen makes it lag (a lot) probably due do the endless carousel of items that need to be rotated. It's still only a few second but it's very, very noticeable. I'm glad the option is there, though, because I often like the use the device in portrait mode but upside down. This bring the power button and headphone jack to the top so you have a less chance of accidentally hitting it. This works in all the standard features but not all apps, I've noticed.Books/Docs:I've only downloaded a few samples of books so far. I don't really have much time for leisure reading since it's finals are coming up but it seems great. You have a bunch of options to change the font, type, colors, everything you'll ever want to change. Page turning it pretty fluid, too. Docs are also great. As I said above, I download my lecture notes in PDF or Word .doc format on to the device and they work great. I'm sure there's apps for it (Quick Office Pro, I believe) but you can't edit those from Docs. You also have the 'Newsstand' for magazine but I haven't tried those yet.Music/Video:I was a bit concerned about only have 6GB usable memory on the device prior to purchasing it but Amazon believes in the cloud and so do I now. Like I mentioned before, I'm at college and 99% on my university has WiFi everywhere so it's no problem getting a connection. The only annoyance I have with this is that I have to log in to my schools WiFi each time I unlock the Kindle. But that's not the Kindle's fault. Music and videos play back wonderfully on the Fire. Smooth and crisp, usually. Only a few times have I had issues with the music skipping a little but, again, I believe that is my schools WiFi's fault. I'll be sure to check when I go home for Christmas break. I haven't downloaded anything on to my actual device yet in terms of music and videos. For music, you can use Amazon MP3 Uploaded to upload all your files from iTunes into the cloud. I have about 800 songs and it took about an hour. Now I have access to them on my fire anytime, anywhere there's a WiFi connection. That's pretty cool. I only wish there was an easier way to have it sync with iTunes or something because now every time I download a new song from iTunes, I have to manually upload it to Amazon Cloud. Not  huge deal but a little annoyance. In terms of video, I mainly use Netflix, which is great, but I did want to try Amazon Video. Amazon Video was also great, if not better, in terms of speed and quality. There selection is a bit limited, though, for free items.Web:Reading the reviews for these device, I was really concerned about the web browsing. That's one of the main things I use it for. I had heard it was choppy and slow and laggy but it really isn't. I've had no issues with speed and choppiness in the browser. It also supports Flash which is really great so I can watch a lot of my shows online, too.Apps:The Amazon App Store has a great selection of Apps. The only 2 it's missing are Facebook and Twitter but there are unofficial third party apps to get that, or you can just use the web browser. Both those sites have a mobile version that works great. Also, Amazon has a free app of the day. It's a normally paid app that they give away for free. I was expecting really boring, dumb apps but there are actually some really good ones. One was this airplane game which I could, and have, played for hours. Another was a neat and useful calendar. And then there was the drawing app which is a whole lot of fun, too.  It's a lot of fun to see which app they're going to have there everyday. The Amazon App Store may not be as big as the Apple App Store, but most of the essentials + many, many more are there with more being added all the time.Overall:I really do love the Kindle. It's great to just pick it up and watch some Netflix, play a few games, or just browse the web on my bed without my heavy laptop. I know I didn't say much in regards to hardware before and that's because there's not much to say, and I don't mind that. It took about a day to get used to pressing the home button or adjusting the volume through the menus and it's really not that huge of a deal. So, I would recommend the Fire to anyone really. Whether they're a student, like me, a parent, or a business person, they'll get some use out of the Fire. It may not be the must useful device ever for getting actual tasks done, but once you do accomplish those taks, it's nice to sit back and play with your Kindle Fire. Like I said starting off my review, don't expect too much when buying it. Expect it to work, obviously, but then find out how YOU use it.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "It's all about how you use it...", "unixReviewTime": 1323302400, "reviewTime": "12 8, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1DJ4XNBSV393S", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Mount Phuji", "helpful": [24, 30], "reviewText": "When I first heard the Kindle Fire was selling for $199, I had to pick my jaws up from the floor. That's incredibly cheap for a tablet, but does that mean the quality is just as cheap? I'll go through the details of this device in various categories so you can decide for yourself if the Fire will satisfy your requirements, then I'll end with my opinion.Before beginning, I should inform you that comparisons to the iPad will be made since I've used it the most out of all the other tablets. If you're looking for a work tablet, the iPad is the one, but if you need help deciding on a consumption device, then read on.HARDWARE:Let's get this out of the way first. This way you'll know if it's missing any dealbreaker. Don't expect much for a $199 device in terms of hardware.* Does not have GPS, bluetooth, infrared connection, HDMI, SD slot, and camera. So if any of these are must haves, you need read no further.* But it does have an accelerometer so you can rotate it for landscape mode* As of this writing, there is no way to connect an external keyboard since there is no bluetooth, and micro usb keyboards currently aren't available. However, the on screen keyboard is excellent. You won't be typing up documents at full speed with this, but for a consumption device, you can't ask for a better on screen keyboard.* The huge 4400 mAh battery is advertised to last 8 hours for reading and 7.5 for video. I would say it's pretty accurate as long as you turn off wifi. For general usage such as playing some games, browsing, watching videos, listening to music and reading books, it will last around 6 hours. This is a device you will have to charge everyday if used regularly.* Comes with a short USB charger. Problematic if you would like to use the Fire while charging, but an extension cord will quickly solve this problem.* Does not come with a micro usb cord. If you plan on transferring files from your PC, remember to purchase one.* No physical volume buttons.SET UP:Set up is quick and easy. The first thing the Fire does is connect to your Wifi which it has no problem detecting. It connects to the servers immediately. After registering the Fire, your device updates and you're walked through a tutorial to familiarize you with the device.FEEL:What's up with reviewing how the device feels? Well I \"feel\" that how the device feels in your hands greatly affects your enjoyment. It's part of the experience.* Love how the Fire feels in the hand. Very comfortable to hold compared to the iPad since it's smaller, but not as comfortable as the e-ink Kindles because it's thicker. The rubber-like material in the back plays an important role in providing a nice soft grip. The Fire doesn't feel warm, maybe the rubber material has something to do with it so that's good.* Although it feels very good in your hands, you will feel the huge 4400 mAh battery weighing the Fire down during prolonged use and your hands will get tired eventually. Just rest it against something or switch hands if that happens. The Fire weighs 14.6 ounces.* You'll need to mind the power button because you'll inadvertently power the device off a few times. This is due to the button being poorly placed at the bottom, but a quick solution is to simply rotate the Fire so that the button resides on the top. Other kindles also have the power at the bottom, but those are sliders and not buttons. Amazon probably wanted to keep the design consistent in this regard.* The scratch resistant gorilla glass provides peace of mind, but it's not invincible so you'll still want to be careful with the screen. Fingerprints will happen as with any device these days so you may want to invest in a screen protector if you feel it's necessary.* Good solid quality feel overall.READING:* Again, the Fire feels really good in the hand, but not as good as e-ink Kindles because of the blockier build. It won't \"disappear in your hands\" like other Kindles built specifically for reading because it's heavier and you'll feel it after a while. And again, simply switch hands or rest it down. If reading text based books is the main reason you're looking at this, I suggest getting the Kindle Touch. The Touch has all the serious features such as text-to-speech, X-ray, and most importantly e-ink.* However, the Fire is awesome for light reading and better than the Touch for magazines, comics, and children's books because it has...color! Colorful children's books likeMy Choiceis gorgeous to look at. Neices and nephews loved it.* Reading magazines is hit and miss. Some magazines look really good while others with small texts will require you to zoom. The Fire provides a text view mode to read the text better, but what's the point if you can't read the magazine in all its glory. It really depends on the magazine.* I'm a comic book reader so this is an important feature for me. The 7\" screen is decent at displaying the full page, but you really want to zoom in here. You can activate the panel view to zoom in slightly by double tapping on a panel, but I prefer the panel view of the comixology app.Comixologyis great on phones and it works wonderfully on the Fire.* Don't expect to enjoy reading them in the sun because LCD's are not very capable for reading outdoors. For that, nothing beats e-ink.* Unlike Touch, there are no real page numbers which can cause some confusion. The Fire uses the old format of \"Location 123 of 1234\".* Page turning feels a little buggy in rare occasions. Sometimes swiping doesn't seem to register or is delayed. Fortunately, this doesn't always happen.* At first, it's easy to accidentally touch the side of the screen and cause unintentional page turns, but you eventually get used to it and should have no problem adjusting the way you hold it.* You can't organize your books with the Fire. As of this writing, not even on the software Calibre. Their collections plug-in worked before, but not anymore at the time of this writing.* Obtaining books is fast and easy and transfers in seconds.VIDEO:* Videos are a breeze to purchase and play and it looks great. No lag except for when it's buffering which doesn't last long.* Make sure to take advantage of free Amazon Prime membership for a month which will allow you to stream movies for free. These movies are not downloadable so you'll need access to wifi when you want to watch them.*The 15.36:9 screen (almost 16:9) is great for watching movies in widescreen.* FYI, You can't play wmv files.DISPLAY:* The screen is beautiful. It's clear, bright, and sharp. You're looking at a high quality screen here.* There is some minor glare indoor under certain lighting conditions. Reflection is there, but it's nothing you're not used to with other devices. No biggie.* Again, it's not great for viewing outdoors due to backlit LCD screen.* There will be fingerprints and smudges since you'll be touching the screen a lot. The dirtier and sweatier your fingers are, the more prints and smudges there will be. Good thing it's easy to wipe off. Consider getting a screen protector if bothers you.AUDIO:* Audio is good. Not too loud, not too weak, not tinny. However, if you turn the volume all the way up, you'll hear some distortion. I'm not an audiophile so I can't describe it's imperfections. It just sounds good for anything you throw at it.* Sound comes from the top mounted speakers on left and right side, or headphones with the port at the bottom. Speakers are top mounted only in portrait mode. If you turn the Fire sideways in landscape mode, the speakers will be on the side. Still sounds good though.* Purchasing mp3s is an easy process and streaming it is perfect.* No physical volume control buttons feels awkward and will take some getting used to.STORAGE:* Amazon says the Fire comes with 8gb which is true, but you really only get about 6gb of usable storage. The other 2gb is probably used up by the operating system. This means you're looking at about 60 apps, 1000 songs, 1000 photos, or 6000 books. Don't expect to store many movies or you'll use up the storage fast. A movie is around 1gb. Magazines are a quarter of that weighing in at around 250mb.* No SD slot. Cuts cost I guess.* You can transfer file through a micro USB cable which is not included.* Amazon Cloud gives you an additional 5gb of cloud storage if the 8gb isn't enough for you. You can store 5gb of anything on the \"cloud\", which means you store and access stuff on Amazon's server.* All mp3 purchased through Amazon is stored on the cloud and will not count towards the free 5gb.* You can increase your cloud drive at $1 per 1gb per year or you can pay $20 a year to upgrade to 20gb. At 20gb you can store unlimited songs. If you have a lot of songs, this may be worth looking into.WEB BROWSING:* The very much touted silk browser is one of the main features for the Kindle Fire. Instead of loading a website from the website's server to your device, Amazon has already collected the data in their servers so that once you type in the URL in the browser, Amazon serves it to you. This supposedly makes browsing much faster. Does it work? Sometimes, but it will be better later.Some websites will load faster than others because they are already stored in Amazon's servers. The more people browse the internet, the more data Amazon will have, and more sites will load faster.Having used this technology with the Opera mobile browser for phones, I can attest to the fact that it works very well. Sites can sometimes load almost instantaneously. It's very cool to see how fast it can be and I fully expect Amazon's servers to be able to provide the same speed as Opera's.* If browsing is the main reason you're getting the Fire, keep in mind that there is no 3g so you'll need wifi to access the internet.EMAIL:* Setting up Gmail account was easy and there were no problems syncing contacts, and sending and receiving mail.* You can's set up MS exchange, but there are apps to make it happen.APPS/GAMES:* Apps run smoothly and touchscreen is very responsive in Apps.* Not as many apps as iPad of course, but many quality essential apps are available.* If you already own some apps from another Android device, it will not be on the Fire unless they were downloaded from Amazon's app store.* Cannot access other stores such as Google Marketplace.* No GPS in the Fire means you can't use apps that require GPS. That means no Google maps :(* Some apps that I feel are essential are missing, but there are free apps available to fill the void. These are alarm clock, calendar, and calculator.* Remember to take advantage of the Free app a day. Very cool.* No volume control buttons mean you'll have to access volume control from within the app.USER INTERFACE:* If you've used an iPad, you'll notice some jerkiness from the UI (user interface), but it's definitely usable and not annoying at all. In fact you may not even notice it unless you're intentionally aware.* Turning pages is smooth and works well. Again, it's not as smooth as the $500 iPad, but it's as smooth as any other device.* Once you swipe the yellow tab to unlock your Fire, you'll see your recent files and apps displayed in a carousel format. Swiping through them is pretty smooth and responsive and the carousel works well here. Sometimes the Fire doesn't seem to register your tap when you select an item so you may have to try again. It could be because I selected the item before the carousel stopped moving.* You cannot delete the carousel's recently used items individually or clear all. Keep that in mind when you let other people use it.* Below the carousel are your favorites. You can add and remove items to customize your favorites.* Keyboard works well and isn't frustrating to use. It's just as good as the iPad's.* Nice looking custom Android UI.SHOPPING:* Very easy to buy Amazon products whether it's digital or not. The Kindle Fire was made for this. Being too easy to buy stuff can be a positive thing unless you have kids, teenagers, or other people you wish to share your fire with. In the wrong hands, you'll be buying without knowing about it.* This is made worse with 1-Click buying. Just one click on the button and your purchase is made. This can be very convenient, but very dangerous in the wrong hands. You can disable 1-Click for purchasing non-digital items, but not for digital items such as movies, music, and books.* There is no way to prevent purchases when someone is using the Fire. The only thing you can do is lock the device. Parental control is desperately needed here.PROS:* Amazingly low price for a tablet.* Very capable as a multimedia device for the price and size.* Amazon Prime content such as Free Movies, Books, and Apps.* Free 5gb of Cloud Storage.* Silk Browser (assuming that it will work as well as Opera mobile browser).* Color alternative to black & white e-ink readers.* Widescreen for movies.* Feels good in the hand.* Beautiful screen.* Easy Amazon shopping.CONS:* No volume control buttons.* No page numbers for reading.* UI feels unpolished.* No SD slot. (Probably necessary to keep cost down and keep your focus on Amazon's store.)* Easy to accidentally hit the power button. (Rotate Fire so button is on top if this annoys you.)* Currently no way to prevent purchases.* Easy Amazon shopping.IS IT WORTH IT?For $199? Heck yeah it is as long as you understand what you're getting. Don't expect an iPad with which you can do your work and create stuff, but look at it as a media consumption device for movies, music, apps, games, reading, and browsing. If you already have Amazon Prime, then the Fire will add value to your membership with free movies and books. If you don't have Prime, it will add value to your Fire and you'll get to try it free for a month and then it's $79 a year. The 2 day shipping will completely spoil you and you will not want to shop without it again.IS IT WORTH IT WITHOUT AMAZON PRIME?If you don't plan on using Prime, I would still consider the tablet to be worth the $199 price tag, but it really depends on what you want the device for. If all you really want is an e-reader, then I would suggest looking at theKindle Touch, Wi-Fi, 6\" E Ink Display. You can still purchase Amazon content such as movies, music, apps, and books without Prime so Prime is not necessary to make use of the Fire. The Silk browser will add tremendous value once it gets kicking in full gear.SUMMARY:The Kindle Fire is basically an Amazon portal and shopping cart with the ability to surf the web and a little more. The 7\" screen is a good size although there will be times when you'll miss the bigger screen of the iPad especially while reading magazines, but for everything else it's just right. The Fire can hold its own and you may eventually prefer it over the iPad as your main portable entertainment and media consumption device thanks to its size and access to Amazon Prime.It's a wonderful little tablet and you can tell it's a first gen product, but it feels like a first gen product that's very well made whlch would only get better with updates. Hardware feels good even with the poorly placed power button and lack of volume buttons, but software feels rough around the edges and can certainly use some polish. Minor UI issues mentioned above and privacy concerns such as parental control and purchase prevention comes to mind, but I expect Amazon to address these issues in future updates.Until then, the Kindle Fire is a personal device with plenty of potential to over deliver with future updates, but delivers enough to justify the $200 price tag. I give the Fire five stars and have no problem recommending it. Your mileage may vary depending on what your requirements are. Hope I've been helpful.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "The Kindle Fire is a great first effort", "unixReviewTime": 1322006400, "reviewTime": "11 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1S2M6SA4OAUNK", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Perry", "helpful": [24, 30], "reviewText": "The first and most important thing that should be said about the Kindle Fire is that this is an \"iPad-killer\"!  I have used both an iPad and an iPad 2 as well as a Samsung Galaxy Tab, HTC Flyer and Motorola XOOM and Now the Kindle Fire. So, I am fairly qualified to compare the various aspects of the Kindle Fire to other tablets.  Also, this review will be written completely with how it compares to Apple's current offering.FORM FACTOR - The Kindle Fire uses 3:2 Aspect Ratio, features a rubberized high impact plastic back and a Gorilla Glass Screen.  This is a typical form factor for an Android Tablet and is superior in every way over the iPad's 4:3 Aspect Ratio when playing Movies or Viewing Images.  The Kindle is also the perfect format for reading books and weighs less than a pound where as the iPad 2 comes in a 1.33 pounds.DISPLAY - The Fire's 3:2 IPS Display has a Resolution of 1024x600 over a 7\" (Diagonal) Area and the iPad/2 has a Resolution of 1024x768 over 9.7\" (Diagonal) Area.  It doesn't take a genius to see that the Fire's display has a higher Pixel Density and this produces a sharper image and a more crisp look to the smaller details.  Of course, the iPad 2 has a larger viewing area but in every other area the Fire's display is as good or better than the iPad/2.  Side by side with the iPad the colors are as bright and the contrast as sharp as the iPad 2.  Over all, this is a win for the Kindle.INTERNAL STORAGE - The Fire comes with one internal storage configuration and that's 8 Gigs period.  The iPad has 3 different storage configurations of 16, 32 and 64 Gigs so this is one area where the iPad is superior in some respects and I used between 12 and 16 Gig of Storage on my iPad 2 so, this is a win for the iPad.THE CLOUD - This is basically, Amazon Cloud Drive vs Apple iCloud and Ultimately both seem comparable on the surface.  I mean, you get 5Gb of free online storage to store anything you want from either service and either service is available everywhere you have an internet connection.  This basically adds 5 Gig of Storage to your Kindle's Internal Memory for storing documents, images, books and music that you've obtained elsewhere and Apple provides the same option.  Now, where the Amazon Cloud is Superior is in two areas with the first being that Amazon allows for unlimited Storage of items purchased from them (Books, Movies, Music and Apps) and the second is that Amazon allows you to run everything from their Cloud Drive and this includes the Applications!  Yes, you can run most apps right from the Amazon Cloud Drive and that effectively limits the space required on the Tablet itself.I was recently challenged, in the comments of this review, with not mentioning the lack of Cloud Functionality for the Fire.  Well, let me say that I have successfully moved MP3s and eBooks to the Cloud and brought them down to the fire by simply going to a web browser and click send to Kindle.  For the record, the eBook had to be in mobi format and the music had to be an mp3.  Interestingly enough, you can play stream your own video content from the cloud using a web browser on a PC but not on the Kindle Fire...  Anyway, aside from the video, the Cloud does support this functionality on the Fire regardless of what some obsessed Apple fans want you to believe.E-READER - The Fire is light weight and features the Kindle App for reading books both local and those stored in the cloud.  Amazon's Kindle Book Store has more content than any other e-book store out there and this makes for a great experience.  However, this are is effectively a draw given the fact that the iPad has iBooks, Kindle Cloud Reader, Nook Reader and the Kobo eReader so the benefits of light weight and screen aspect ratio are balanced out by the variety on the iPad.  In short, this is a Draw.AMAZON MP3 - Amazon arguably has as many songs as Apple does and they are priced similar, the music is DRM Free and a copy of any song purchased from Amazon is automatically placed in their Cloud storage for playback from any location.  This is great if you want to annoy system admins like myself and stream your music on the company dime!  Of Course Apple has iTunes which is the 800 lb Gorilla of the Music Industry and while Amazon might be as big it does not have the brand recognition that iTunes has so Music might take slightly longer to get on Amazon.  Of course, the one down fall for Apple is that they use part of the 5 Gig storage space they provide you to backup any music you want to store in iCloud and this is also an opt in only program where many of their old iPods are left out in the cold.  Basically, I would give the slight edge to Amazon here but worst case this is a draw.WEB BROWSING - Amazon's Silk Browser vs Safari for iPad.  A lot of complaints are being made as to the speed of Silk and in its default configuration it is slightly slower than the iPad.If you set your plug-ins to On-Demand this will effectively load the page without loading the flash features and will give you an arrow that allows you to tap and load only the flash modules that you want.  Oh and Flash Support is on the Fire and is not on the iPad/2 so again this is a failing of Apple.Another tip is to shut off web acceleration, this attempts to use the Kindle Cloud to cache web pages and it tends to slow things down...  With both of these things off, the Fire loads pages much faster than the iPad is capable of.As for the browsers, the Fire lets you choose which version of the page you want to load and often, the iPad defaults to some page created just for the iPad but to me, I prefer the full version pages and while the screen size might be better for this on the iPad, it is no deal breaker.Bottom line, this is another win for the Kindle as the default config might favor Apple but once tweaked you get fast loading of full web pages with the option of using Flash.BATTERY - Battery Life is working out to be around 8 hours and the iPad/2 is just over 10 hours under the same conditions.  The one benefit to the Kindle Fire, the battery is user replaceable in that you can pop the back off and the battery is right there with a small connector that is easy to replace.  Overall, I give this a Draw as yes the iPad wins for Battery life but not being able to replace the battery yourself raises costs on the device and companies like Seidio might actually provide us with a Kindle Replacement battery that gets the Fire over the 10 Hour Mark.USER INTERFACE - The Fire is a Modified version of Android and honestly, it is very well thought out.  The main screen features a list of previously used Items and place to save your favorite Items.  There are also tabs on the top of the main screen for Apps, Books, Music, Newsstand, Video, Docs, and Web so everything is right at your fingers.  The top of the main screen has the notification area (Top Left), Clock (Top Center), and Monitors (Top Right) like wireless connection and battery status as well as the settings icon.  As I said, this is fairly straight forward and not at all a reason to pass on the tablet.The iPad/2 with iOS 5 has more of a spread out interface but the added multitouch controls really make it a winner.  The weakness of iOS is that everything is stored directly on the Desktop in some sort of Windows 3.x bizarre fashion where you can dump them in little folders so in this area the Kindle is better organized.  The Strength of iOS lies in the Multitouch Gestures and being able to use 3 finger swipes to scroll through full screen apps really makes the iPad awesome for productivity and ease of use (These are the same gestures that are present in OS X Lion).To me, this is a slight edge to the iPad because the Gestures really are that good but overall the organization of the Items on the Fire is just overall better and I really feel that this is in no way a drawback to the Kindle.NEGATIVES:KINDLE FIRE- No bluetooth is a drawback as I would love to be able to connect a Wiimote or Sony Controller but overall to me this is of limited use and saves battery life.- Web \"Accelerator\" is not an accelerator at all, this needs to be shut off by default as it is actually faster to surf without it!- Flash enabled by default and this should be set to On Demand by default as it will speed up loading and save battery life!- No HDMI?  I don't really see this as a Drawback as there are USB to HDMI adapters out there and Amazon could make a wifi option as well but some see it as a negative.- Only 8 Gigs of Local Storage is a problem and even though it is minimized by the Cloud, appearances make this a weakness for the Fire on paper.- No SD Card slot is something that both Apple and Samsung have been hit for so this has to be purely a cost issue for Amazon to exclude it.- Wifi shuts off the connection as the device goes to sleep and that is a pain as there should be something like a 30 second delay for resuming the device.- No Cameras, while one would have been great for Video Conferencing, it isn't really a deal breaker as the iPad/2 cameras are flat out horrible (talking 1999 technology here).APPLE IPAD/2- Proprietary Connector is an Apple Trademark but it is one that is a huge negative!  I hate having to carry an extra cord because my devices are non standard.- Durability is a question, Aluminum back with a  brushed finish is way too easy to mark up or dent and the Glass Screen breaks easy (Gorilla Glass is better by far).- No HDMI? Again, I don't see this as an issue because there is an Adapter to enable this.- No Flash Player makes for a limited web experience and even the full youtube is not available thanks to the poor decision by Steve Jobs to exclude it from iOS.- Some Web Pages only allow you to load their iPad versions- No SD Card Slot is another issue that Apple has self imposed.- Price!  Surely, Bluetooth, 8 Gigs more of Internal Storage, and a Larger Screen do not justify the extra $300 that the iPad 2 16 Gig Wifi will set you back!- Horrible Cameras, circa 1999 @ less than 1 MP each and very poor image quality.Basically, both of these Tablets have their drawbacks but as you can see the Kindle Fire has no more drawbacks than the Apple iPad/2 regardless of what people want to claim.  Yes there were choices made by both parties and the devices have slightly different feature sets but they are more alike than different.  I'm going to call this one a Draw.BOTTOM LINE:The Kindle Fire Stacks up very well against the iPad/2 and it might just be the best Media Consumption / Casual Gaming Device on the Market!  Yes there are drawbacks to the Fire but Overall as an eReader, Movie Player, Music Player, Web Connected, Gaming Device it is very capable and is well worth the money.  Basically, Give it a try before you go blowing $500 on the iPad as you just might find that you don't need to spend the extra $300 after all!Now why is the Fire an iPad Killer?  Because it wins in many of the areas the two have in common and the price point puts it over the top.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "The Truth about the Kindle Fire vs the iPad/2", "unixReviewTime": 1324166400, "reviewTime": "12 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1TE08CXXVTGQU", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 30], "reviewText": "The anticipation for the Kindle was great but it really fell short of expectations.  I already have a Ipad so there was already a high standard set.  However just opening the package the Kindle is think, a bit heavy, no camera/video... so stop right there.  Shoot even my telephone has two cameras and video on it... I can't even Skpe on this thing.  Next it's about double the thickness of the Ipad.  Lastly you can buy an Android tablet with more functions for less than $100.  I'm sending mine back.The other reviews here are way too nice.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "A real let down", "unixReviewTime": 1321833600, "reviewTime": "11 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1W41S8G1X4T1U", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 30], "reviewText": "Well, perfectly blunt, i've got a regular Kindle, I'd like to upgrade to a Fire but i don't have the time to read thru pages and pages of reviews, tips, sales BS and etc to ask a very simple question.So i will probably never upgrade.so sad, too badmcmouse", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "you can NEVER get a real person", "unixReviewTime": 1324425600, "reviewTime": "12 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2GOA39L4A3HL1", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [19, 30], "reviewText": "I purchased the kindle fire recently for work, figured I didn't need all the bells and whistles included on an I-pad. The lack of good apps in the Amazon app-store is frustrating. There is no good calender app (Google calender does not sync), I found the office apps to be difficult to use and typing a simple document was a long and challenging experience. Also my power button often gets stuck in the off position and I have to jiggle it several times before it pops back out and will turn on again. Lastly, picking up a public wifi source (such as a hospital where I work) seems to be intermittent at best even with a signal strength of excellent. Pretty frustrating when your co-worker is sitting there with an i-pad browsing the internet and I keep getting \"unable to connect\". Going to look at the nook tablet today.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Disappointed", "unixReviewTime": 1322697600, "reviewTime": "12 1, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2I0G8M3MUK7TN", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 30], "reviewText": "My father, mother, and I took a trip to the local Best Buy, to debate whether I should purchase the Nook Color or Kindle Fire. The woman at Best Buy had said that they had started selling the Kindle Fire November 15th, and the next day, already half of the people had returned them.Now, I went to the 'preview' section to toy around with both of the electronics. There were two Kindle Fires out to preview. The one on the left was already ruined, flickering with barely any life left with it. The other one, was not ruined, so I toyed around with it for a while. It actually was not that bad, to be honest. You could play music, rent movies, read, all the things that Amazon advertised. But the number one thing I would like to let you know is: This is NOT an iPad killer in no way, shape, or form. I'm not the biggest Apple fan, but now that I have toyed around with the iPad (my older sister is the owner of one) and the Kindle Fire, I will tell you right here that the Kindle Fire is not an iPad killer in the slighest bit.Then, I toyed around with the Nook and it was beautiful. The internet was extremely fast and the light was bright and it was amazing. The 'n' button was perfectly placed, unlike the Kindle Fire's, which was underneath it, where, no doubt, my hand would be.Now, being myself, I did my research and googled Kindle Fire vs. Nook Color. Basically all the websites reccommended the Nook. Once my mind is made up, no one can really alter my decision, but I always assume it's the right thing to research before buying on impulse, of course.Anyway, I toyed around, listened to other people, did my research, and...My Nook Color shall be delivered the following Monday.Of course, I will give the Fire the benefit of the doubt because it had many flaws, but good qualities about it as well.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire or Nook Color?", "unixReviewTime": 1321747200, "reviewTime": "11 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2JCXR56JNC198", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 30], "reviewText": "Ironic that Amazon is not selling the Fire for the 'best price' available.  Target and Walmart have been selling for $123 on 11/26-11/28.  No price match from Amazon!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Target and Walmart are selling for $123", "unixReviewTime": 1322524800, "reviewTime": "11 29, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2ZJ2RCVIOF3FP", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [9, 30], "reviewText": "Three features that distinguish the Amazon Kindle 2 from other ebooks readers are; the volume of content available, free 3G, and text to speech. The Kindle Fire does not include 3G or text-to-speech options.  I will keep my Kindle 2 and my Samsung Galaxy 7, which is color, touch screen, more versatile than the Kindle Fire.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Missing 2 important features", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3KDH35C223VG5", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "R. Morel", "helpful": [29, 30], "reviewText": "Is there anything else to say about the Kindle Fire?I think there is.First, I was concerned because of a lot of 1 star reviews. In my experience shopping at amazon and reading reviews, anything short of 4.5 stars is a hit or miss purchase. The Kindle Fire (KF from now on) as of this writing has 11.5% one star reviews, and some of them sounded troubling, to say the least.In essence this is what they said and my opinion about each point:1. \"No Android Market: this is not true\". Installing the android market is not what you would call easy, but it's definitely doable. Instructions for this abound on the internet.2. \"The KF is irresponsive very frequently\". This is the opposite of my experience. I am a big guy with big hands and I find the KF ability to correctly detect touchs nothing but remarkable.3. \"The SILK Browser is very slow\": And it is. Compared to Opera Mini or any other browser, the thing is very slow. I really don't understand what amazon is doing, or how they could market this as something revolutionary. The way I see it, they simply had to install it and let people see it. They made it worse creating and setting high expectations about it. Bad marketing.4. \"Power button is misplaced/placed in a very inconvenient position\": I had to start playing the incredibly addictive Angry Birds in order to experience the accidental power off that so many have been reporting. It has happened three times in a couple hundred hours of use. I think it could have been placed somewhere else but I cannot think of a placement where it would prevent the accidental power offs. I think the people complaining need to understand it is a tiny device. Maybe an interruptor could fix this, not necessarily repositioning the button.5. \"No Volume button\": it's true. The Volume is two taps away.6. \"Bad wireless connectivity/signals\": the wireless range is much worse than that of my Dell Inspiron 15, which has the best range in all laptops I have tried and I have tried a few. Connectivity cannot be simpler: just select the wifi lans and password and you are connected.7. \"No USB Cable\": True. Kind of annoying at the beginning and I see how this could be an issue for the less experienced with computers and networking. You definitely need to order the cable. Here is the link [...]8. \"It gets hot\": mine got hot when streaming a Netflix movie. This is probably the most demanding task the device can handle, and it was much cooler than my laptop or an Ipad I tested. But it does get mildly hot. As I said, it's much less than the heat you get from say a Dell Inspiron 15.9. \"Security, people can buy stuff from your device\". This is true and I suppose Amazon will work this out because most users have been complaining about it with (almost all) reason. (more on this later).10. \"No streaming of your video library, just the content in amazon instant video\": might be a deal breaker for some. For those of us in parts of the world where internet speed is still cost prohibitive, that's not something we were going to do anyway.11. \"If you are outside the USA, you get a table that is as close to a brick as it can get\". Absolutely true and this is something that amazon needs to address now. I took my brand new KF to Dominican Republic and the only thing I could do was download the preloaded apps (they were magnificent; I think everybody need to see and use Pulse and QuickOffice). I did not have access to the Amazon Android App store and was unable to install any apps from the android market. I could download and installed Dropbox, Opera Mini, Adobe Reader and FileExpert, but there wasn't much I could do or that anyone, outside the USA can do, but to ROOT the device and install the Android Market.12. \"Scrolling is jittery and stutters\". Not my experience at all. In fact reading PDF books (huge 30-50MB Microsoft Press Books) is simply delightful. My desktop PC jitters and stutters a lot more than the KF. I honestly don't know what they are comparing against. I don't own an Ipad, but from what I can recall, the Ipad is a bit better when scrolling web sites.13. \"The Carousel offers no privacy\"... While this is true (no privacy ONCE you are in the carousel), I don't really understand what are people expectations about this. I think of my desktop pc, laptop and now KF as some kind of underware. I don't expect people to be asking for them because the first two devices hold way too important information for me to comfortably letting them go around. I simply don't like lending my computers. This also applies to the KF. I personally don't have anything on it that I don't want people to see, but the device has security feature to password lock the device when you suspend it.14. \"Some books and content from old kindles won't be available to your kindle fire\": Amazon put an egg on this one. Seriously. I suspect they are working to fix it, but with the capabilities of the KF, I assume it is only a matter of a small software adjustment, but seriously, not being able to read SOME or ONE of your old kindle BOOKS in your new KF is definitely a major annoyance.Now onto what's great about the Kindle Fire.I am in Dominican Republic, so in order to install apps and get the most out of the KF, I had to root it and install the Android Market App. After I did that, I have been absolutely in love.It is worth mentioning again: You NEED to Root the Kindle Fire and install the Android Market to get the most out of the device, and you MUST do it if you are outside the USA. If you don't, you'll be stuck with a 199 web browsing, news aggregator thingy and not much more.Some could argue that, because you can sideload apps and download some .apks and install them, but the availability will be simply dismal and not enough. The android market opens the tablet to a whole world of possibilities.The screen and image quality can be described simply as stunning, and I'm probably falling short. You really need to see it to appreciate it.The reading experience is awesome. Since most previous kindle users say the e-ink kindle is so much better for reading I am considering getting one of those, since they are now so affordable. But since I am so satisfied reading in my KF, I will pass for now.I have a huge collection of Microsoft Press Books. Most of them come with a CD with the book in a PDF format. Since we are talking about huge books with 900-1900 pages, those PDFs are handy. The big tradeoff is having to read them in the laptop. Not anymore. Using the kindle app to read PDFs is great. Adobe reader is a little faster at rendering the pages, but the feature of the kindle that remembers where you left the book makes up for it, and it's my preferred... besides, the difference in speed is close to unnoticeable.Web browsing with Opera Mini, Google Apps, Yahoo Mail App, Netflix, Pulse, Pandora, Google Maps, Angry Birds, aldico ebook reader make the kindle fire shine.I cannot think of a more responsive screen. I cannot think of a better quality display. The software keyboard is great.Overall, the Kindle Fire is making my laptop take dust. I'm simply not using it as often as I did. I think about 80% of the time spent in the laptop is now spent in the kindle fire, and I don't think that's going to change, as I am now considering developing a few apps and lean tools I need and can't find anywhere.The reason why I am giving the KF 4 stars is because out of the box the device was extremely limited. And this makes me tell Amazon something.I think you guys at Amazon are doubting yourself. And you really shouldn't. Just read even the one star reviews and get a grasp at how deeply rooted the relationship between you and your customers is.I tell you this because by modifying the Kindle Fire's OS to prevent root access you are doubting the power of that relationship, and worse, you are demonstrating a lack of trust that's bad, and a reflection of your doubts about the relationship you have with us, your customers.Believe me, if you open the device and let people install the Android Market, you won't lose a great deal of business. In fact, I'm sure the satisfaction levels of all of us, your customers, will go even higher, and that guarantees that we will stay buying from you because it is and feels like the right thing to do, because it is a pleasure to do it, to support a great company like the one you've built and make every day, one transaction at a time.Prospective Buyers: Remember it is not an Ipad. You won't be able to connect it to a TV, you won't be able to videoconference or even make VoIP calls because it doesn't have a camera or a microphone.If you live outside the USA and you are not computer literate, then this device is not for you, because (at the time of this review) you wont be able to buy from the Amazon Android App Store, and installing the android Market is not necessarily an easy, light experience. It has a few unusual steps. This is important to know!In all, The Kindle Fire is a great device at an amazing price. Most one star reviews are from people who didn't take the time to learn to use the device, or a few who were expecting the miracle of buying a 600usd device at 200usd.Buy one if you need something to browse the web, read books, news, watch some movies every now and then and even play some games. Chances are you wont be disappointed. Read around and learn how to root the device and you will have one of the most amazing devices 199usd can buy.*** EDIT (Dec. 24th. 2011):1.- BATTERY LIFE: I didn't mention battery life although I did noticed that streaming movies from Netflix it only gives ~6 hours. I haven't used it only for reading, but based on estimations after noticing that the actual meter of the battery charge is pretty accurate, I think you could get close to 10 hours if used on night mode (my favorite even for daytime reading). For web browsing the most I've been able to get if 7 hours 25 minutes. That should definitely be improved.2.- AMAZON SILK BROWSER: it needs work. When it is fast it is SUPER fast. But it is mostly slow. Most reports of the Fire having a bad response are probably what users have experienced using the Silk, which at times becomes close to inoperational. A point in its favor is that it really opens everything, a lot of pages that Opera mini, Opera Mobile or Mozilla for Android cannot open, like speedtest .net. Gmail and most Google Apps are much better in the Silk than in any other application (Gmail is beatiful in it, I prefer it to the \"real\", standard full site display), and that includes the actual Google apps for android, which interfaces I'm not so crazy about.CONCLUSION: This doesn't take another star from my review. I am still in love with the Kindle Fire. :)", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "The Kindle Fire Rocks.", "unixReviewTime": 1324252800, "reviewTime": "12 19, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3QDENVXQNWUKK", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Ryan", "helpful": [28, 30], "reviewText": "I'm truly interested why so many of you give this bad ratings. It's blatantly obvious that the majority of you put no research into buying your tablet. First off, you get what you pay for. It's always been like that. You'd be ignorant to think otherwise.Let's look at this tablet.Reading: It is AMAZING for reading books on the fly (graphic novels look A-M-A-Z-I-N-G); if you turn down the brightness while reading it makes it look almost identical to a \"normal\" Kindle Reader.Volume Control: All of you complaining about the internal volume control must be technologically deprived or something. You literally hit the cogwheel at the top of the screen and there's a huge button that says \"volume\" with an easy to control slider that pops up when you hit it. How much easier could that be? In fact, I wouldn't want external volume control due to how easy it is to bump into them and change the volume.It seems people are expecting this tablet to be their go-to computer on the go, or just their go-to computer in general. I have NO idea why anyone would think this would do that. It's absolutely AMAZING for reading books, browsing the internet, paying your bills, and playing games. The internet is very fast, I think the people complaining about slow internet are just on garbage 1 mpbs connections. Sorry, that isn't going to cut it on Wifi kids.The majority of bad reviews are tablet snobs expecting the Kindle Fire to do something it CLEARLY isn't going to do from the get-go. If you're wanting the equivalent to a desktop on the go look at an Asus Transformer or an iPad or something. If you're just wanting to read, browse the internet, or play games while on the couch or at school or something then this is the tablet for you.Also, 6 GB of storage is plenty. I have like 6 books, multiple games, and a couple of songs and still have like 5.3 GB left. Why would you want to put a full movie on a Kindle? For a road trip? Lol? It's a Kindle, read a book and stimulate your mind.  Like I've been saying, the people complaining about this have are just expecting way too much.I've had this for about 2 weeks. Must have apps:Pandora, Facebook, Stumble Upon, Netflix (WORKS GREAT! Better than I expected, I do have a fairly nice connection though 25 down, 5 up), IMO Instant Chat, TV Listings Guide, Angry Birds, Quick Office", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Good product, ignorant reviewers.", "unixReviewTime": 1323734400, "reviewTime": "12 13, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3VG22E2RCL3Y9", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 30], "reviewText": "I specifically asked to conceal the package contents by checking the box during checkout.  So today my package is waiting by the door with KINDLE FIRE on the side of the box.  My son got his gift early I guess .  Thanks for nothing Amazon!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Cannot even get packaging request correct", "unixReviewTime": 1324598400, "reviewTime": "12 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AESZTRG3VYB8C", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 30], "reviewText": "People, this is not an iPad substitute.It is a great little media device, especially if you have Prime. The Netflix App is nice as well.But....Browsing sucks (compared to iPad 2).E-mail sucks (compared to iPad 2).App store sucks (compared to iPad 2).No 3G!?The interface is a tad annoying as well. Ever read bad fiction? Some guilty pleasure you would like to keep to yourself? Well then, NEVER lend the Fire for a quick moment, cause its all there for one to see. If there is a way to hide or keep stuff private, I haven't found it.So, repeat after me, NOT AN iPAD 2 substitute. A good wireless movie watcher.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Not impressed", "unixReviewTime": 1322352000, "reviewTime": "11 27, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AVMZFLOFPTSNI", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Robert \"coloradokids4\"", "helpful": [25, 30], "reviewText": "After having my Fire for two weeks and reading reviews, I have come to the conclusion that many if not most of the negative reviews are from those who did NOT know or research what they were buying in the first place and are now disappointed.  Knowing exactly what I was buying, I can say that I am thoroughly satisfied with my purchase.  I now have a device that I don't have to squint to surf the internet as I do with my Iphone.  I can read my books, watch tv shows and movies on a brilliant screen and surf the web not to mention get apps and music and my email.  Everything Amazon advertised is everything I got.  The price; well, it is being sold at below cost, what else can be said.  WELL DONE AMAZON!!!!!!!!!!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Negative Reviews.....", "unixReviewTime": 1322697600, "reviewTime": "12 1, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A17YKXYAAPNC48", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "William Takacs", "helpful": [27, 29], "reviewText": "Great device for reading, watching videos, playing games, listening to music, or web browsing.  What makes it even better is the access to free videos (Amazon Prime Members), your stored music and books through Amazon's Cloud storage, and the ease of shopping for and downloading these items to the device.  I won't go anywhere without it.  You'll love it, and it's so cheap compared to an iPad!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "I love this thing!", "unixReviewTime": 1325721600, "reviewTime": "01 5, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A1986MOQXGFAKP", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 29], "reviewText": "Kindle Fire was hyped into the media very well, too much THIS IS WHAT YOU CAN GET for $199 but not how it really works.I should have waited.  Although it works okay, there is no real easy way to use this if you want a cheaper iPad.  Have spent hours trying to work things out, too much stuff I don't want and not much I would like to have.They download junk that I DON'T want or requested and there is no way to remove it.  Download apps, don't like them, you're stuck, can't remove once there.  Thus they use up a little memory you get, should have a least been 16 GB instead of 8.  Plus would have been sooooo easy to give it a card slot to choose if you wanted more memory space.CLOUD, why would I want my information available to anyone else, more memory means could have kept on device.There is no camera, have to load pictures when connected to computer.Have Microsoft Outlook, now why would it take 10 names from my Outlook Address Book but you can't use it to have with you?The $79 a year plan, if you like old movies and junk TV programs.  Even though 1st month is free, good luck with it, and if the shipping was FREE then why did they charge my wife shipping when she got hers?Now my wife is the book reader and likes it for that, but not much more (opinion of two people)Can give it only 2 stars, wish I could send it back for a refund.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Was not a good item to purchase for myself!", "unixReviewTime": 1324339200, "reviewTime": "12 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1HAKTLWM22NK1", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 29], "reviewText": "Dear Sirs, I have bought the Kindle in September, i have battary problem, it needs to be charged every 3 hours, and i use my kindle just for reading and battary can last only for 2-3 days and then it is totally dead.i have called in amazon customer service free toll number, they advised to reinstall factory settings, but did not hel, my sofware on kindle is latest version, i called many times in amazon, they promised to call me back but they never do it, and the customers service can not help me at all, i have battary problem and noone can solve it.i need amazon to help me or to replace my Kindle,no one is of help in amazon", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Kindle batarry problem", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1K6O2TPP9J3FZ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "TechTester \"TechTester\"", "helpful": [25, 29], "reviewText": "INITIAL IMPRESSIONS, IN FITS AND STARTS:First-five-minutes impression: FAIL. Initialization is twitchy. Many system fonts too damn small, use of low-contrast gray fonts on black background in places. Twitchy touchscreen. Twitchy screen paints at times. Perhaps an impending OS update will help? WiFi connect ...did go smoothly.* * *Web browsing is alright, sometimes almost zippy (must be that cloud caching). Youtube videos seem to stream just fine, even audio is a decent volume. Flash seems to work just fine.Screen rotate snaps 90 degrees as you rotate device, does not happen fluidly. Pinch-to-stretch / pinch-to-shrink is animated but stuttery. A simple button touch does not always seem to register. Maybe it's my big manly fingers.On/off button, located in the center of the rim of one of the shorter sides, is annoyingly easy to hit by accident.* * *Kindle Fire gives you a deeper appreciation of the finesse of the iPad. Then again, for 1/3 the price, maybe it's not bad. Reminds me of renting an Escalade, then switching to a Taurus. At first you're keenly aware of the downgrade, but as you drive it more, it seems just fine.* * *OK, I've loaded a few free apps. Gameplay is quite swell, very good responsive touch, graphics and audio. This makes me now think that there may be software problems related to the touch, since in some system-places it is consistently dodgy.* * *THE VERDICT: I retract my earlier first impression of FAIL.Many folks -- especially those like me who are spoiled by their slick iPads -- will initially declare the Kindle Fire a fail. However, after getting adapted to it just a bit, and learning to not expect iPad behaviors, I now think Amazon has created a winner. I think the $200 price, compared to the iPad 2's $600+, will make the Fire a success. The synergies they are creating between the Fire, their cloud, their AppStore and Amazon Prime for media, are all going to be key.The iPad is an Escalade while the Kindle Fire is a Taurus. I think there are more people driving Tauruses than Escalades.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "If iPad=Escalade, Kindle Fire=Taurus. And more folks drive Tauruses.", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1LTTHPAM3ZXS0", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 29], "reviewText": "So I ordered this gift as a Christmas surprise for someone in my household. When it arrived today, it was in a box, provided by Amazon, with the words \"Kindle Fire\" printed on the outside. Which means not only does the recipient now know what his big Christmas present is, but so would anyone who saw the box when it was left at my door -- you know, like a thief. It may as well have had a note that said, \"Yes, that's right, folks: Inside this box is a $200 electronic device, not a $15 book!\"I am incredibly disappointed in my purchase without ever even opening it. Shame on Amazon.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Packaging FAIL", "unixReviewTime": 1321920000, "reviewTime": "11 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1SWRYX8BXWNUJ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 29], "reviewText": "Buggy and frustrating to use. Cannot see on network, no wireless network file sharing. did I mention buggy and poor functionality? It's Walmart in a $200 brick form. Makes a good door stop.Pay for what you get. This device is a slap in the face.Awful.  Do not buy.Edit : Silk is so slow and lame. Old people provide faster information. Great concept,  poor execution.So much better hardware coming in 2012. Wait!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "do not buy", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2AYEIJZFEKTUS", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 29], "reviewText": "I purchase this kindle and thought I could buy music and movie outside the U.S. but you can't.... this is a waste of money if you are not in the U.S. I would send this back right now because it's a waste of moneyIf you live outside the U.S. DO NOT buy it", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Waste of money", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2SYA2FC6NZMMJ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 29], "reviewText": "It was heavy.  The pages would move from place to place even if you didn't want them to.  It was just not what I expected.  It is NOT a pad.  I did like the colors. that was about it.. I returned mine.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "I hated it", "unixReviewTime": 1322524800, "reviewTime": "11 29, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A336ZLU2IOLM8R", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 29], "reviewText": "Ok, so for my 13th birthday i got this and LOVED IT.That is, until it broke down and never worked again 10 days later.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "My birthday money just got thrown away", "unixReviewTime": 1332979200, "reviewTime": "03 29, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A35KWLF41PX1YK", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [13, 29], "reviewText": "I am in the Military stationed overseas in Germany and had bought the fire as a Birthday present for my wife.  Needless to say after receiving the Kindle we were extremely disappointed. Half the apps are either not available or do not work in Germany, not to mention that none of the streaming video works, this REALLY SHOULD BE MENTIONED AND ADVERTISED.The product is \"made on the cheap\". The user interface is sluggish at best, tap on the icon and it sometimes open up and sometimes it \"thinks\" you were scrolling. Also everything you open ends up showing on the front screen and you can't choose what items are displayed.Security wise, \"TOTAL FAILURE\" this is a one click \"buy whatever from the owner Amazon account and bill the owner credit card\" device. Very DANGEROUS the device also shows all your history, everything you bought content and other products on Amazon, so make sure there is nothing there you do not want someone to see when you hand out the device. Bottom line - DO NOT SHARE THIS DEVICE, there is no privacy at all.Web browsing - it's works but not super-fast as advertised.  The web pages don't fit on the screen and it's not a very good browser tool as you will get a headache after about 30 minutes of trying to look at the screen.Magazine viewing - It's a joke; magazines do not fit on the screen and are not easily viewed.Loading content on the CLOUD - If you a thinking you can load some of you videos onto the cloud and watch through the fire you are WRONG, only items purchased through amazon can be viewed through the cloud.Disappointing Purchase - The Kindle Fire is pretty much just a front to purchase AMAZON Content on a rushed product that doesn't meet the hype. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND TO BUY", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "DO NOT BUY, unless you want to waste your money", "unixReviewTime": 1322870400, "reviewTime": "12 3, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3DWZYA3PWH6BQ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 29], "reviewText": "Here's what you need to know.  2500 reviews of which 525 are 1 or 2 stars (As of this review).  That's 20 percent and that tells the tell. If 20 percent of the buyers don't like it for one reason or another that speaks volumes. Back to the drawing board.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Let the stats speak.", "unixReviewTime": 1321920000, "reviewTime": "11 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3HCMJOGRRSAF2", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 29], "reviewText": "This is my impression after ten minutes of evaluation. I will get right down to it.#1 The text rendering engine is much better than iPad's. The slightly-higher pixel density also makes the text better the iPad's able to do.Let's talk about the bad and ugly.If you buy half gallon of fuel, would you pay the price of one gallon? Of course not. Don't be fooled by the 7\" screen on the Kindle versus the iPad's 9.7\" screen. If you put them side by side and rotate the 7\" 90, you will notice that the 7\" screen is just about half the size of the iPad's screen.* What did Amazon say about glare on the iPad? Yep, you will find the same bloody glare on the Kindle Fire.* The screen, at first glance, has a serious banding problem. I am starting to think that the video is not really 24-bit.* On the iPad, viewed in horizontal mode, 1/8\" of the 'row' space is used up by UI elements. On the Fire, because when you position it vertically, the usable space is extremely limited, you'd be out of your mind to browse the web vertically, so turn it horizontally. It's a SHORT screen (Don't be fooled by the wider ratio. However you look at it, it's a SHORT screen). So in the more 'usable' orientation, how much of the space is occupied by the UI elements? It's more than 30%, or nearly 1/3.For the time being, if you are serious about reading, get the monochrome Kindle and bypass the Fire and iPad.Kindle Fire: YOU ARE FIRED!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Kindle: You are FIRED!", "unixReviewTime": 1323388800, "reviewTime": "12 9, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3UPB3N0JMKEF7", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 29], "reviewText": "It's $199 for a reason: it's a half-baked rush-to-market disappointment.  This is the third Android tablet I've tried, and I'm more convinced than ever that the only tablet worth buying is an iPad.  The Fire scrolls roughly, has no scroll momentum, often doesn't register a finger tap or touch, there's no pinch to zoom where you need it, limited multi-touch features, and the user interface is clunky and difficult to use relative to every Apple iOS device since 2007.  It's actually a bit confusing to use, and it in no way makes you feel that it knows what you want to do, unlike iOS devices, which are elegant, intuitive, and actually fun to interact with.  The homepage carousel is annoying and it overshoots where you want it to go, and is far too sensitive, unlike the general touch interface which is quite inaccurate and requires multiple touches to register your intent.  The power button is idiotically placed at the bottom.  There's no external volume rocker switch so you have navigate within the onscreen menu to change volume, which is nuts.  The 7\" diagonal screen feels confining, and in landscape mode it's too short for comfortable web browsing.  As for being a reader, the print is too small and you need to do too much zooming and adjusting.  Contrary to Amazon's spin, it's absolutely NOT designed to vanish in my hands and let the content shine.  Frankly, after all the hyped reviews I've read, I've been totally let down by the Fire.  I was expecting way more from Amazon.  The negative MacWorld review was right on target, judging from my personal experience.  Even the lukewarm Engadget review was in the ballpark.  This tablet feels like the Verizon Storm, which was so buggy and poorly-thought out, it was basically a joke.  The Kindle Fire is definitely cheap in price, and that seems to be the only way it can survive, but it's also cheap in performance, and a low-quality product, NOT a premium product like Amazon claims.  I'm stunned by the positive reviews I've read, because I can't understand how anyone would like this tablet given all its design flaws, and the positive reviews are probably from people who don't know any better, who don't know how a tablet SHOULD be designed.  Even the original iPhone from 2007 worked far better than this, and THIS is the best that Android/Amazon can come up with....in 2011?!  My advice is to save your money and get an iPad.  I know I'll be accused of being an Apple fanboy, but the simple fact is that no one has been able to make an Android tablet that comes close to the kind of smooth, intuitive, thoughtfully designed experience that you'll get with an iOS device from Apple, and even for $199, the Kindle Fire isn't worth the aggravation and disappointment.  I sent mine back the day I got it.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Big disappointment, returned it same day.  Major FAIL by Amazon", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A6Z60VBBTJ9LB", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [17, 29], "reviewText": "I pre-ordered the Kindle Fire in September with high hopes and expectations. It promised fast web browsing, tons of available Android apps, seamless Prime video streaming and much more. It turns out, these are just promises that never materialized.I'm sure you have already read its pros and cons from other reviews so I am not going to waste your time here and instead, I will just list out the reasons that made me decide to return it.1. No Bluetooth - This is the death-blow to this device for me. The Fire also doesn't come with a build-in mic. Without Bluetooth connection and a mic, one of the most frequently used apps, Skype, becomes useless.2. No build-in mic - See above.3. Limited number of apps selections. Amazon is heading into the right directions by limiting the number of available apps to those that are compatible to the Fire. However, this also means you will not find all the apps that you are familiar with and use everyday to be available anytime soon.3. Web browsing is painfully slow most of the time. Amazon Silk cloud-accelerated browser is not making a good first impression here.4. Finicky touch screen.5. No dedicated volume control buttons.6. The Home button should be placed on the top of the device instead of at the bottom.7. Limited number of selections of Prime Instant Videos available. I am sticking with Netflix for now.Kindle Fire is a glorified e-reader that lets you access the Internet and run a few apps. Nothing more. Nothing less. It's perfect for someone that plans on loading tons of e-books onto the device. But it does not live up to the hype as being an iPad 2 contender. It's far from being close.Mine is in the mail going back to Amazon.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "I returned mine", "unixReviewTime": 1323648000, "reviewTime": "12 12, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AV25NIDDB975A", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 29], "reviewText": "i purchased my kindle 11-18, where is it? not shipping till the 2nd of Dec? your customer service sucks! can not rate item have yet to receive!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "shipping service", "unixReviewTime": 1322352000, "reviewTime": "11 27, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AZ2Y457WTWVW7", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 29], "reviewText": "I'm giving this one star because Amazon specifically disabled the ability (to the best extent that they know how) to root the device. This means that they took steps above and beyond what were necessary to attempt to lock everyone who buys it into their content ecosystem. If Amazon wants to sell a cheap, buggy tablet I wish they'd have enough respect for their users to let them determine what software is best for their device.Pros:- Great for reading books- Decent amount of onboard storage for the priceCons:- screen distance from glass does not look as good as B&N; Nook- No external (SDCARD) storage- Not as much processing power as a B&N; Nook- Locks you into Amazon content distribution system- Hardware and software are immature (hardware and user interfaces are buggy)- Amazon has locked down the device so that you can only install their software on it", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Expensive hunk of plastic", "unixReviewTime": 1324339200, "reviewTime": "12 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1J0G0GI6PND0M", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 28], "reviewText": "Interface 1 with the Kindle Fire:  It was sitting by the front door with \"Kindle Fire\" on the box.  Anyone, please--come take me!!  Interface 2 with the Kindle Fire:  You need to connect with your WiFi; don't know my WiFi, but Kindle Fire has option that says you can come back to that later; later comes, and after extensive search, can't find screen where one connects with WiFi.  Interface 3 with Kindle Fire:  Since I am not connected to WiFi, I don't have access to the user guide to help find where one can connect to WiFi.  How Un-User Friendly is that?  Interface 4 with KindleFire:  Went online to try to find out how to connect with WiFi (and basically how work this machine since there is no access to the User Guide), and find that you don't need a password to access your account??!  Interface 5 with Kindle Fire: That's it--Kindle Fire is going back!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "First five interfaces with Kindle Fire--very disappointing", "unixReviewTime": 1322524800, "reviewTime": "11 29, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1M1W5V8B6DW2F", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 28], "reviewText": "I am about to start a new life living full time in my RV and traveling thru this great country of ours.  I have a large collection of books that I read over and over.  I was wondering how I was going to solve the problem of space for the books not to mention the weight.  I was on the verge of buying a Kindle Fire UNTIL I checked on the ebook versions of my favorite authors.  SURPRISE!!!  There is an enormous number of review complaints about typos in ebooks.  Researching further it appears that older books are scanned page by page and electronically converted to the appropriate file format.  In the process of conversion words are misspelled, particularly uncommon names, even page to page, and no one is proofing the final product.  I gave a great deal of thought to this and have decided all the typos would drive me crazy.  Typos can change the entire meaning of a sentance, etc.  Adding to the problem of the typos I realized Amazon is gouging for inferior products.  Friends of mine have told me the books they are reading on a Kindle loaded with typos feel like second rate books.  The satisfaction of reading a well writen book is simply not there.  Why would anyone pay the same price for an ebook when they could have the satisfaction and correct spelling in a hard cover for the same price or less?  The Kindle is cheap for a reason.  Amazon is taking a loss on the device and making up for it in their poorly produced and overly priced books.  Sorry Amazon.  For years I've been a patron and never had a problem with anything I've purchased from the site.  But a Kindle?  Books filled with typos?  Gouged for 2nd rate product?  I'll pass this time, thank you.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Poor product, save your money.", "unixReviewTime": 1325289600, "reviewTime": "12 31, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A22T3EM6YMQTSV", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [15, 28], "reviewText": "I really wanted to like the Kindle Fire. It's small and inexpensive, easy to carry around. But it did not the things I needed in a tablet, like have a good calendar and a variety of free apps for me to play with. Kindle Fire seems to do one thing well-- consume Amazon media products. If you are using it for this one reason, then KF would do well for you. However, I still found the OS aggravating and constricting. I hear you can jailbreak it and install an Android app, but there were other faults that made me return it instead and just spend more money on an iPad. The \"off\" button is located on the bottom edge of the KF and does not sit flush. This is true design idiocy!! If you put the bottom edge on your lap or accidentally touch it with your hand as you are apt to do when are holding it, it turns off the screen! It pissed me off so much as I was trying to learn the device. There are other reviews that say just turn the KF upside down, but how about just having Amazon make it correctly in the first place instead of rushing it to market?Pros: Small size; cheap price; used to consume Amazon media; entry level tabletCons: Stupid home/off button; un-intuitive and constricting OS (also ugly looking/unappealing to the eye); no integrated calendar app;  lack of apps available", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Returned the Kindle Fire, bought an iPad instead", "unixReviewTime": 1322697600, "reviewTime": "12 1, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A25NWW7QHVJUYD", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 28], "reviewText": "Kindle fire can be summed up in one sentence: stripped down tablet with a custom launcher.  Amazon could have changed their Amazon app to look and function like Kindle Fire and allow users to put it on any tablet.  I am baffled as to why they had to produce a stripped down tablet that lacks a camera, extended storage, Bluetooth or physical buttons which after using Kindle Fire for few hours I can say are essential!  The device is sluggish and waiting for the bottom-bar to pop up sometimes takes entirely too long.  In the end I was struggling to figure out what niche this device fills?  In the meantime mine is on it's way back to Amazon...", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Underwhelmed", "unixReviewTime": 1321747200, "reviewTime": "11 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A28SKTTWZ8TKBJ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [12, 28], "reviewText": "I just got the Kindle Fire today and will be returning it. I use the text-to-speech feature a lot as a way of reading books I need to read but don't have time to read. With TTS, I can read while gardening, cooking, walking, exercising, etc. However, in the long list of Fire's features, it's easy to miss that the Fire is less capable than the old Kindles. For anyone who is blind or has bad eyesight or reading issues, not having text-to-speech is a major deal breaker. If anyone has suggestions for alternatives, I'd like to know about other options.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Beware -- No Text-To-Speech Feature", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2FWC3KNVP6FGO", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [15, 28], "reviewText": "(EDIT NOV 28, 2011 - NEW DEVICE - Wanted to make some changes to my review. Apparently the device I had was the biggest problem. Even though I didn't have as many issues with the second device, I still returned the Fire for a refund. The main issue is speed. I think the device is very slow with browsing and accessing apps. I was checking out someones Nook and its much faster. Also, I am just too use to my iPhone. The shortcomings of the Fire that I am use to on the iPhone are annoying to me. Simple things like having the X to clear a search box. On the Fire, you need to backspace to clear. Cut and Paste... I think the device though would be great for a gift to someone who has Amazon Prime and likes to read. Also, if you have kids that want the iPad! You can buy 3 of these for the cost of one of those!I have had it since the 15th of November and gave it a couple of days before writing a review. I am probably going to return it. Reasons are:1- Constantly getting script errors on the browser which causes the browser to restart (EDIT NOV 28, 2011 - NEW DEVICE - No more of these)2- Power button is in a terrible place! I keep accidentally pushing it ((EDIT NOV 28, 2011 - NEW DEVICE - Turn the device upside down! This resolves the power button in a bad place for reading and web browsing, though apps are still an issue since a lot of them do not turn around like the books)3- Lots of apps aren't available for the device from the marketplace4- Unable to delete apps that came with the device like the ESPN app. If I am not going to use it, why must I see it on my device screen?5- No easy way of clearing the browser cache. I need to go to settings, then applications running, then search for browser, then clear cache. If the browser happens to be off from a power off mode you need to start it just to clear it (EDIT NOV 28, 2011 - NEW DEVICE - You can edit the cache and settings right from the browser page instead of going to running apps like I mentioned before)6- Unable to buy a movie from the video marketplace (That I can see anyway). Had to go online to buy, then was able to download to the kindle. Easy to rent though7-No 3G. My $140 older Kindle has it, why not this one?8-Too easy to delete things. Someone poking around looking to clear some space can wipe all your email accounts with just a few \"clicks\"9- No control over the \"recently used\" carousel on the home screen. I may not want that webpage to appear. Can't call it a carousel really because once you get to the end, you need to reverse back the other way. Also its too sensitive. Kept passing what I actually wanted to stop on10- For me it sometimes takes several \"clicks\" before doing what I want it too. I have to push the home button several times at times11- No volume control button on the device - You need to touch the screen to bring up volume control12- Had trouble getting any movies I had downloaded to the device to play. Would download them and click watch now but it would stay on a \"loading\" screen and never move (EDIT NOV 28, 2011 - NEW DEVICE - While I was able to watch the video after downloading it, I still had issues where the movie would skip which made viewing annoying)13- When trying to power off the device, it gets stuck and sits on the screen saying powering off. Battery had to run out before I could even use it again! (EDIT NOV 28, 2011 - NEW DEVICE - No problems powering off the new device)I am resetting it to factory defaults for the third time as I write this review. I will give it a couple of more days, but it looks like its going back. I knew it was going to have limitations, but for $200, I want it to work correctly! Maybe they'll come out with a software update to address several of the issues I am having.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Too many problems and minor annoyances", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2L1E6XNK0MUD8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 28], "reviewText": "Amazon has steadily increased the price of books to the point where it is better to own the physical book. It appears to be price fixing between the E-book publishers. Originally E-books cost less than paperback versions of the same, now the same E-book costs close to the same price as hardback. I guess this is what you get with no competition. Look forward to going back to the used book store.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Kindle Rip-off", "unixReviewTime": 1324166400, "reviewTime": "12 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A394Z0L6YME1P2", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 28], "reviewText": "VERY disappointed with new Kindle Fire.  I have a Kindle and thought it would be ready to go out of the box but you must have wifi.If you don't have wifi you will be sending it back like me.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire - must have wifi otherwise don't bother", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3B26C1WRMBEAC", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [10, 28], "reviewText": "I ordered a Kindle Fire and was very excited to receive it. Sadly, when it arrived, it would not connect to my home WiFi. My username and password would not associate with Amazon servers. I spent an hour on the phone with customer service trying to connect it and it wasn't possible so they sent me a replacement, which had the same problem. Ultimately, I had to return both. Note that no other device has trouble connecting to my WiFi - from guest users with different computers to phones and tablets. If you have to manually reconfigure your router or make any deviation from your regular setup to accommodate a Kindle Fire, it's safe to say the Fire has some kinks that need to be worked out. The whole point of it should be that it easily connects to WiFi (by the way, my old Kindle e-readers had no problem connecting to my WiFi, and there is nothing special about my WiFi connection or configuration). As it wouldn't even connect to my own WiFi, I can't imagine if I took it in a public place and tried connecting it elsewhere. This should be an easy one step process. It looks like the Kindle Fire was rushed out so it would arrive in time for the holidays without the kinks being worked out - it is after all a first generation product (and there are several reviews and comments online from other users who have experienced the same problems). Yes, the Kindle Fire is cheap, but it's overhyped. After my Kindles were returned I began looking into other tablet devices, and for a few dollars more you can buy a tablet that has twice as much space (Kindle only has 8gb versus most devices that have 16) and has much more versatility and features, and most importantly, easily connects to WiFi without any problems or hassles. I wasted a lot of time and money on this, it was upsetting and those are the last Kindles I'll be purchasing.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "WiFi Connectivity", "unixReviewTime": 1322956800, "reviewTime": "12 4, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3RDDLHC5G0QUG", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 28], "reviewText": "I have ordered several kindles from Amazon as gifts. They all came packaged in a generic amazon box. The Kindle Fire DOES NOT come in a generic box. It is clearly labeled Kindle fire in the box it mails in. My wife came home before me and saw it. So much for a surprise Christmas gift. Totally disappointed.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "The Grinch that Stole Christmas", "unixReviewTime": 1322870400, "reviewTime": "12 3, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A8J3GET1NMLG2", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 28], "reviewText": "I thought about purchasing one for my daughter for school, but decided not to. The books she needs for school are not worth purchasing and is free to check out at the library. There are some books available for free download through your local library and through the internet, but not everything. If she loved reading books then I would consider getting her a regular Kindle. Don't go posting irate comments on me here. I am not reviewing how good this unit performs or anything, just some points of why it wasn't for me and maybe the same for some others. The reasons I did not decide to purchase the Kindle Fire is because Amazon collects all kinds of data on you when you use it. But I guess everyone does these days. Another thing also is that they make accessing personal content on the Kindle easy and that can be a minus, because I guess anyone can access email and content you have stored from what I have read if they have a hold of it. One major secruity issue is that apparently there is no way to to have the Kindle require a password before you make a purchase. You basically just click purchase and that's it because the unit is all set up with your account and ready to go right out of the box. I have read reviews where there are some parental controls, but they don't really work or just limited on what they block. I believe you can do a screen lock, but I don't think that is enough. I have also read a review where one individual have had their Kindle Fire stolen right from her front door when it was delivered and she received a large credit card bill because the thief apparently had free reign of puchasing downloads or what not straight out of the box. Amazon could of at least required one to go online to activate it for some security measure.And how about stories of kids racking up cell phone bills. Imagine what kind of damage they can do here.Again this is not a review of how the unit works. I am just pointing out the lack of security. It's like having a debit card that doesn't require a pin number and that's what this bascially is. I would wait on purchasing one until they fix this with a firmware or something. One thing worrying about someone stealing my $200.00 tablet, then getting a credit card bill for hundreds of dollars later on and then worrying about them going through my email and personal information, not to mention the stress and headaches to get everything straightend out.I know i'm gonna get a bunch of people saying why am I reviewing something I don't have. I am not reviewing! I am pointing out some information that I have found and that is why I decided not to purchase one. I am just trying to shed some more light so maybe it can help others in a decision. And the flaws I pointed out are not really discussed much so not a lot of people realize it. If I said I owned one, then I will probably get happier replies and comments. Hello people, I research something before I buy and not the other way around. Think out of the box people, the more information the better. And for your information, I found these things out by reading from people who own the Kindle Fire and also from reading professional reviews and not pulling this stuff out of the air.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Security issues like losing your credit card.", "unixReviewTime": 1323043200, "reviewTime": "12 5, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A9BX2JJV0BQ1C", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Amazon Customer", "helpful": [21, 28], "reviewText": "There are a lot of tiny little things to not like about the Kindle Fire. Any one of them, by itself, would be a small annoyance to be forgiven and forgotten.But with the Fire, it all comes together to make a product that feels incomplete, rushed and done on the cheap. This isn't to say that the Fire doesn't have potential - it most certainly does. I'm sure the Fire Mark 2 (or 3) will be an amazing product filled with all sorts of wonderful bits.This is not that product.So, let's just list all the stuff it doesn't do right here: No Bluetooth, No 3G, No GPS, No camera, No microphone and no ability to add to the paltry 6.5 GB of storage you're allotted.But you know all that. All forgivable at $199.So what do you expect for $199?What I was expecting was a happy marriage between my two favorite devices (my iPhone and the Kindle Keyboard). I expected a touch-screen e-reader that happens to play music, movies and games plus surf the web. Oh, and buy stuff from Amazon.  And the Fire, to its credit, does all that.It just does all that badly. Even the buying stuff.To start, there's the form factor. The Fire is the same size as a standard Kindle - but weighs almost twice as much. That dense design makes it feel heavy and hard to hold in one hand for too long - a big problem when reading.  You could try two hands in landscape mode, but that also feels awkward - especially when you have to let go so often to pinch, zoom and slide as much as you're going to with the Fire.Then there's the lack of actual buttons for 'home' and 'volume' and the speakers located on one side when held in landscape mode. Little things, I know, but interface is key. You shouldn't make things hard.Then there's all the inside bits. The Fire has a tiny little brain running a heavily modified (yet antiquated) Android OS. It works if you're playing Angry Birds or reading the new Stephen King book - but don't you dare try to go to CNN.com or any other media rich site. Or any site really - the web hangs constantly.Plus (and I can't confirm this beyond doubt) the Fire crashed my router 4 times in 24 hours. All I know is every time I really tried surfing the web with the Fire, the network crashed. When I turned the Fire off, the network came back. Could be a coincidence, but I doubt it.Then there's Fire's new browser - Silk.The Silk experience isn't new. It's the same experience I had in 2002 where I would point to an address, go to the kitchen to make a sandwich, and (hopefully) the site would have loaded by then. It's the same thing on the Fire - just without a 50-foot phone cord running from the kitchen to the office.I hear that the browser gets better the more you use it. This concerns me on several levels - not the least of which is what Amazon is doing with my browsing history besides playing guessing games with where I'm headed next.But if you don't like Silk and you want one of the other fine browsers available in other Android markets - tough. No Opera or Firefox for you.Then there are a number of little things too lengthy to really detail:- The cover flow home screen that shows your recent history of stuff you've been doing - but doesn't let you delete, remove or clear anything. (Sharing your Fire? Like 'adult' viewing? Awwwk-waaard!)- The lo-res, lo-response screen that you are constantly pinching, zooming and sliding because you can't really read anything.- The failure to include the text-to-speech functionality that's on every other modern Kindle.- The fact that there's a litany of great apps missing from the Amazon App store and the ones that are there are really lousy when compared to their iOS versions. HuffPost, Netflix, Wikipedia, Weather Channel - Not a single app was as good as or better than the equivalent app on my iPhone.- The ubiquitous 'Store' button that's everywhere reminding you that what you're holding is just a mobile Amazon storefront.Which brings me to the last straw which (ironically enough) was the Amazon shopping app - the one thing you think Amazon and the Fire would get right.The immediate glaring error is that there is no 'Deals' section. You want the Gold Box? Sorry. Lightning Deals? Nope. Not on the Fire.Not only does Apple's  Amazon app have access to 'Today's Deals' (not to mention a smoother, easier and just plain better interface) - there's an app just for the Deals. How wacky is that - An Amazon shopping app on an Amazon tablet designed specifically for you to buy their stuff and they forgot (or intentionally left off) access to Gold Box and Lightning Deals. Unacceptable with the Xmas shopping season around the corner.The other big loss was the sorting of goods when you're browsing for stuff. I like sorting by price, popularity and rating. The Amazon store app doesn't do that. The iOS app does.So in conclusion, the Kindle Fire Mark 1 -might- be worth it -if- you don't already have an iPod touch or a modern fully-featured smart phone. If you do, save your money because the Fire isn't going to be anything special or do anything you can't already do faster and better (and more of) on your handheld screen.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "If you already have a smart phone or a Kindle - don't bother", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AAUWYN6SXK1IJ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "mom of 5", "helpful": [19, 28], "reviewText": "I started this new Kindle Fire about 2 hours ago and it keeps \"freezing up\" every 3-5 minutes.  I have checked to see if it is updated and it is.  I have reset it at least 10 times (held down button for 20 seconds and waited several minutes to turn back on.  I had to do this to \"unfreeze\" and it has just locked up several times.  (It is fully charged) The family has been so excited about the arrival of a Fire.  We have two Kindles and my sister just LOVES her Fire she got last week.  Hope the problem can be resolved easily and quickly, and HATE returning items.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Not happy with 2nd Kindle", "unixReviewTime": 1322784000, "reviewTime": "12 2, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A14Z9GWMW7GIRS", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 27], "reviewText": "I spent an agonizing 2 hours with an incompetent \"kindle tech\" who after 2 hours informed me that there is an app update. She wasted my time. Awful experience. Getting a replacement with 6.2 app but as soon as it comes I will send it back thanks to the time that all the 1 star reviewers put in. My tech lied and said the product had just become available a few days earlier. The reviews I just read go back weeks. Deception and lies and incompetency.However: I have not found any issues with the kindle dx I just received. But have not had much time to check it out as I have been wasting a lot of time with the defective Fire.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Dishonesty", "unixReviewTime": 1322870400, "reviewTime": "12 3, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A16NQRID7GB21J", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 27], "reviewText": "I don't have mine yet:-(  I ordered it in September but won't get it until week after next.  Does anyone else find it sad that I ordered mine in September and have to wait until the last week of November to receive it when a friend of mine ordered hers last week and is receiving it today??????  I find Amazon's advertising and promise of \"first come first served\" to be dishonest and misleading.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "amazon and fire", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1FNLY02ZH11MW", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [9, 27], "reviewText": "I really wanted to like this thing.  I mean it was half an iPad at a third the price, right?  Well, it's not so much what you get in that half, but how well it's implemented.  And let's face it, you get what you paid for.  The GUI is clunky.  The supposedly fast browser is slow.  It dropped the WiFi, constantly.  And to my horror, Amazon blocked all the google apps from what is essential an Android tablet.  Not cool, at all.For those of you who just want a tablet to stream Amazon movies and Netflix and read magazine, this is a solidly built piece of technology, and perhaps with updates the interface will improve.Not worth it for me.  So, I'll be shucking out the extra dough for an Ipad 3 this summer, because Apple products just work.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Returned Mine", "unixReviewTime": 1322611200, "reviewTime": "11 30, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1N5FSCYN4796F", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Philip R. Heath \"Gadgets, Music, & Books\"", "helpful": [24, 27], "reviewText": "Design:  4 StarsFeatures:  4 StarsPerformance:  4 StarsThe Good:* Highly Portable* User Friendly Design* Access to Lots of (Amazon) Content* Exclusive Special Edition Magazines* Strong SpeakersThe Bad:* Occasional Sluggish Responses* Sometimes Touches Don't Register* Few Good Cases (so far)Overall:  The Kindle Fire is a very good device for information consumption and entertainment.  Enterprise users, however, would be better served by one of the many Honeycomb tables available.By now you've probably heard plenty about the Kindle Fire, but I'm to try to give you a balanced breakdown of the user experience.  First and foremost I should establish who the target user of is.  I believe that many of the frustrated owners are those who expected something more than the Kindle Fire has to offer.  It is not a laptop replacement.  It is not an iPad or an iPad killer.  It is really not even the original 7\" Galaxy Tab.  Each of these devices is more full featured and diverse.  The target user of the Kindle Fire wants to consume information and be entertained.  If you are looking for anything outside of these two broad categories, the Kindle Fire is not for you.  However those who are still interested should read on.The good thing about the Kindle Fire is that it starts simple and stays that way.  I bought my own so my account came pre-configured on the device.  I plugged in the device to charge it using the included charger, and I configured my wireless information.  There was already a software update which applied automatically and rebooted the device.  After that I was off to the races.The interface of the Kindle Fire is a highly customized version of Android 2.3 (Gingerbread).  If you have other Android devices, you will hardly recognize the interface, but that is not a bad thing.  Below the global search box the menus across the top give you access to Newsstand, Books, Music, Video, Docs, Apps, and Web. This box takes up about an inch of the display.  About half is used by the Carousel - it is essentially a history of the things you have accessed.  I didn't get this at first, but this serves as a psuedo-app switching feature as well.  If you are in a task, press the home button and scroll through the Carousel to find what you want to switch to.  The remainder of the home screen is a shelf for favorites.  It comes with some apps already selected, but long pressing these brings up a menu that allows you to delete the ones you don't want there.The Newsstand will contain items (newspapers and magazines) familiar to previous Kindle owners, but there's something new - Kindle Fire editions of a subset of magazines.  I opted to give Revolver a try, and I found the experience to be pleasant.  One of the things I didn't like about magazines on previous Kindles was the overly simplified format required by the device.  With Revolver I had an interface that let me scroll page by page through the magazine allowing for full experience with pictures and layout just like the physical magazine.  However this view does not lend itself to reading.  No worries, just tap the screen and you can switch from Page View to Text View.  This gives more of a traditional Kindle view the first article on the page along with pictures.  You can continue to traverse the magazine in the mode or switch back to Page View to flip pages.  Text View does skip pages that are full page ads - so may like this feature.  What's nice is that the Kindle Fire manages to be all things to all people with these exclusive edition magazines.  I hope to see newspapers in this format soon.The Kindle family has historically earned their keep with access to Books, and the Fire is no different.  There's not a lot to say about this feature.  If you've used the Kindle for Android app, you will find the experience very familiar.  If reading is your primary (or only) use, you probably want one of the e-ink based Kindles.  The Fire is not as easy on the eyes, and it is not going to work as well in bright (read out in sun) conditions.  This is not an issue for me.  I found Agile Testing to be very readable even with its charts and diagrams.  The discount and portability make all Kindles a win over regular books.One of the areas the Kindle does well is music.  In addition to free storage for content purchased on Amazon, I had 5 GB of storage available to upload music from my library.  If this becomes cramped, there is an option to upgrade to 20 GB for a reasonable price.  Everything I had previously purchased from the Amazon mp3 Store was automatically in the \"Cloud\" section of my library.  The music player has standard features of Playlists, along with Artists, Albums, and Songs organization of your music.  You have the option of downloading music to the device.  I would do this for plane trips or other times when I don't have Wi-Fi access.  Like all of the Amazon content sections you have access to the \"Store\" in addition to your \"Library\".  It is easy (almost too easy) to impulse buy music.  In addition to content and a good UI, you will also have access to good sound on playback.  This comes from both the strong speakers which are clear and loud and headphones.  I used my Ultimate Ears Metro-Fi 220 headphones, and I found the music playback to be outstanding - especially considering that it is streaming.Video is another area where the Kindle Fire does well.  It is the Amazon Instant Video equivalent of the Music feature.  Playback is really good.  Breaking Bad looked great, and the audio track was in sync with the picture.  It does seem to have an initial buffering issue, and it pauses once about 10 seconds in.  However that is the only glitch I've experienced.  My video use is not as heavy as my music use, but it meets all of my expectations.Docs are really not a feature that is important to me, and I have little to say about it.The Apps section gives you access to the Amazon Android App Store.  I also have a Droid X and have been using the App Store since day one.  All of my apps that Amazon has verified for the Kindle Fire all appear in the \"Cloud\" section of my \"Library\".  I installed Netflix, ESPN Score Center, Angry Birds Rio, and Seesmic without issue.  All behave properly as I have experienced them on my Droid.  For some reason I was unable to get UberSocial to install.  I have not tried again since the first day since I am happy with Seesmic as an alternative.  Through the Kindle Fire I was also introduced to the Pulse app.  It is a tile based RSS style reader.  I moved my more news oriented Twitter Friends over here and cleaned up my timeline.  Some may say that the app selection is too limited, but I think that it has plenty to offer for its target audience.Last but not least we have the Web menu.  This launches your last session of Silk.  It is a tabbed browser, but it does not have plug-ins like Firefox, Chrome, or even Dolphin (familiar to experienced Android users).  It gives a good browsing experience, but I have not noticed a big speed boost from its split cloud architecture.  If you are concerned about privacy issues with the cloud, it is very easy to go into the settings menu and turn this feature off.  Then you are back to a direct browser to site experience as you would have on any other device.  Full sites are fairly readable without zooming in landscape mode.  You has have tap to zoom functionality as well should you need a larger view.  The experience is adequate, but I don't think it lives up to the hype - yet.  In theory, Amazon will begin getting pages cashed in the cloud as more users surf on their Kindle Fire.  The jury is still out.I'll finish with some miscellaneous items.  I experienced no issues with multitasking.  The Kindle Fire can easily handle streaming music while surfing the web or reading my Twitter timeline.  There are two performance annoyances that I have experienced.  Sometimes a swipe (turning a page in a book, etc.) is sluggish.  While it doesn't ruin my enjoyment, I'd rather it didn't happen.  Second there are occasions when the Kindle Fire does not recognize a touch selection.  I can't explain it.  There is no rhyme or reason for it, but it is infrequent.  Again this is not enough to ruin the experience, but I would rather do without it altogether.  As a final not (and as of this writing) there are few choices that I like among the cases designed for the Kindle Fire.  I am actually using theTargus Truss Case/Stand for BlackBerry PlayBookinstead, and it works great (see my review).I know this was long, but I wanted to be complete.  If there is anything that I have not covered, please ask below in the comments.  I highly recommend the Kindle Fire.  It is a great deal for its intended use.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Are You Not Entertained?", "unixReviewTime": 1322179200, "reviewTime": "11 25, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1PJJFCH9OXWIB", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 27], "reviewText": "Amazon, please don't exaggerate your Kindle Fire too much. The following description deceives all customers in the world.With an Amazon Prime membership, Kindle owners can choose from thousands of books to borrow for free.Yes, I can choose thousands of books to borrow for free, but only ONE BOOK PER MONTH. I can borrow 1,200 books in 100 years.I feel disappointed at this cheating marketing strategy and I decide to return Amazon Kindle Fire because it is not practical.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Borrow ONE book per month-deceives all customers in the world.", "unixReviewTime": 1322438400, "reviewTime": "11 28, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1QIVJHSP9S57A", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [11, 27], "reviewText": "Don't buy.  Difficult to use doesn't begin to describe the experience you will have. I was excited to get mine.  Loved opening and turning it on the first time.  Read through the entire user's manual and couldn't wait to start using and buying apps and supscriptions to magazines and books.Decided to buy my first app. Now I hate it.  I've spent the past 2 hours trying to download the app I purchased.  All the instructions are for the Android phone even though they state for The Kindle Fire.  Click 'this' then click 'that'... Only I don't have 'this' or 'that' to click.  I'm not an idiot.  I can read directions very well.This device is NOT user friendly.  I'm going to return mine or sell it for what I can.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Difficult to use", "unixReviewTime": 1322179200, "reviewTime": "11 25, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A245PO76XK9FLY", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 27], "reviewText": "I got my Kindle Fire just in time for my overseas trip. Due to a hitch in the ordering process, I only had  sample of the book I'd selected for the trip. Here in Australia, there is not wifi in every cafe, nor in every home, so I had to go to a library and get access, and download it (very slowly). Aside from that, I can't access anything without going to a lot of trouble to go to some wifi site.Why didn't this reader have a 3G option? I'm sure you'll offer a 3G version later, but it is a huge disadvantage for the current model. I would like to return my Fire and get a regular Kindle with 3G, and wait for the Fire with 3G to try it again.Very disappointed.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Why no 3G?", "unixReviewTime": 1322524800, "reviewTime": "11 29, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A28JXDKELWGY0E", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [12, 27], "reviewText": "We all know you only get one shot at a first impression, sorry to say Amazon blew it. As my title states though I love it anyway, you could say in spite of itself. I simply love the form factor and hope that amazon quickly fixes the fires blatant shortcomings. I wont bother to go into great detail because there are many excellent reviews on here already. This is just to complain about it's Main shortcomings and give it one star in the hopes that amazon will quickly release updates to correct these downright idiotic flaws.To me the worst is the home screen carousel, the fact that it keeps a visual history of activity and can not be edited is so idiotic that the person who came up with it should be fired by Donald Trump on national TV.Second to that is the security / privacy issue in that anyone who gets their hands on my fire has unlimited access to my amazon account. It just boggles the mind that the idiots who came up with this.......came up with this.Third is the fact that you cant connect to proxy servers. This one is so obvious I won't even say anymore about it.And the last of my major complaints, a protruding power button on the bottom of the unit......you have got to be sh*@ing me who is the genius that came up with that? Donald Trump wants to meet them.Those are just the major complaints. The Marware case solves the power button idiocy and I hope amazon solves the rest via updates, we shall see.One piece of advice to all kindle fire owners is to sent feedback to amazon via the help and feedback selection in the devices settings menu.Ok so the day after I wrote this I got a call from team kindle customer service. They were genuinely interested in everything I had to say and spent over a half hour with me. Now I know for certain that the fire will soon be the 5 star product we all hoped it would be. I fully expect firmware updates that will correct what many people feel are major flaws. As far as hardware goes I think we should all be happy with what we got seeing as how amazon sells the unit at a loss already.Thank you kindle customer support for doing an excellent job so far.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "I love it anyway./5 stars for customer service", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A29BC9Z5IO57NT", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 27], "reviewText": "I own an ipad2.  I purchased this for a grand parent to play casino games. He loved playing them on my ipad. Once in my hand for installing apps before giving away it was extremely apparent this is not a computer tablet but a toy for reading.  You must set up the item for 1 click purchasing, this alone is enough to return the item.  It is extremely slow loading the simplest of apps.  The selection of apps are mostly scams requiring repurchase of credits after a short while even though you pay for the game.  The graphics remind me of the games of computers 10 years ago.  It is obvoius most of the app software designers are overlooking this product due to its lack of processing power.  This product, a great e-book reader most likely, tarnishes Amazons brand and is not worthy of even a 1 star rating. Do NOT buy this product for anything other than reading books. Oh yeah, your email address is @ kindle.com instead of your actual address, kma.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Not a tablet,not even close", "unixReviewTime": 1324252800, "reviewTime": "12 19, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2HBSAF83AUMXW", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 27], "reviewText": "First of all, let me say that I am a loyal Amazon customer. Every experience I've had with Amazon has been good, except for one: my purchase of the Kindle fire.So, what's wrong with it? Several things, but first we'll talk about the pros:1) It's small.2) It's cheap.Yes, that's about it...The cons:1) It's small - viewing a full color magazine was touted as a great experience, but it's an absurdly annoying one. You either go blind trying to read it, or you go nuts zooming in and then panning around the page. Or you finally give up like I did and read it in text mode, which gives you better-looking graphics and photos than the old kindles, but not much else (and you don't have the e-ink Kindle's battery life, of course). The Kindle fire is not really small enough to put into a pocket (not with its huge weight pulling it down anyway), so given that, a large screen would be preferable.2) I can't download any of my Amazon Prime free content! Sure, it was there somewhere in the fine print, but I missed it.3) I can't download anything I rent!4) I can ONLY download things I buy!5) Numbers 2-4 would be OK IF this thing was not tethered to wifi (i.e. 3G/4G connectivity), so I could stream the aforementioned, but it is! Can I watch movies on the long bus ride to work? Nope. The bus has wifi, but it's far too slow to stream with.6) Even if I wasn't tightly-tethered to wifi, I still wouldn't be able to download much due to the small internal storage. There's no way to connect a flash drive or external USB hard drive to increase storage - that's absurd for a device with only wifi.7) The screen is FULL of GLARE! Yes, it's lovely, saturated color - but unfortunately wherever I tried to watch the Burn Notice episode I bought (bully for Amazon - I was forced to buy something!) and downloaded (in a restaurant, on the bus etc.) the glare was intolerable.8) It weighs as much (more) than an ipad! It weighs more than my very powerful Macbook Air II, I think.9) It's less responsive than an ipad - I found that lots of times in magazine facsimile mode, I could not get the `home' icon to appear except by waiting forever. Panning, scanning, everything is not as snappy as Ipad.10) If it's as heavy as an Ipad, I might as well get an ipad. Yes, it's more expensive, but at least reading a magazine in facsimile mode is not an exercise in frustration.11) It is insulting that you can only buy apps that Amazon offers. Yes, I know Apple does this - so Amazon is following an annoying move by apple - Congrats.In short, you either have to give me more content I can download (and more storage for it), or a more ubiquitous form of streaming. Contrary to Amazon's belief, the world is actually full of SLOW wifi. There is not enough fast wifi to really use this device as you foresaw. A `cloud device' MUST have MORE access to the cloud!In short, the reviewers were right: this device is first and foremost (only?) designed to sell more stuff to us. Well, I get it, you're selling the thing below cost. But it's too crippled. It's too heavy. The screen is too small. The response is too slow. But most of all: WHERE IS MY CONTENT? I do not live in a world where fast wifi is present everywhere, and I live in bloody New York City!Personally, I would much rather spend more for a more capable (i.e. 3GS at the very least) product - and I probably will - I'll get an ipad.  I know there are many others for whom this is not true, and I'm sure they're keeping their Kindle fires, but even for them, where do they watch their `cloud content'? Do they live at starbucks, or the few airports with fast wifi? Do they use the wifi at work? At home? Hell, if I'm at home, I'll watch my Amazon Prime on my bigscreen TV, not on some small glare-prone screen.Sorry, guys, but this product feels like a very cynical attempt to hook us into buying stuff and that's about all. I know they want to sell stuff. Nothing wrong with that. But locking out my Prime and rented stuff (please don't tell me about security - the average person is not going to be able to crack some proprietary encoded content if you guys wanted to deliver it), and not giving me the ability to stream most anywhere makes this thing a heavy, ungainly, glare-prone, small-screened toy.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Without 4G, it's a toy.", "unixReviewTime": 1321920000, "reviewTime": "11 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2HVF8ADBJ31GA", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 27], "reviewText": "Trying to make a customer a prisoner to Amazon's cloud storage is just bad business.  With storage being so cheap nowadays, 8GB is a joke.  This little device would make a great little portable photography/video portfolio...if it had an SD card slot.  Allow an SD card in the next version, and you'll have one more customer.  Marketing tactics like this one are great for your business model, but they are so easy to see through that they seem silly to even try.  Don't see why anyone would buy one until you add more onboard storage...unless of course they don't mind being tied to your cloud storage.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "No SD Card Slot....???", "unixReviewTime": 1321747200, "reviewTime": "11 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2RM78ET7F0W7Q", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [0, 27], "reviewText": "To be honest the ipads better, it says it has a duel core proseser but the ipad has quad a the ipad has just as many books and more movies/music. Plus it has more apps. and the ipad has much better resilution", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "ipads better", "unixReviewTime": 1333324800, "reviewTime": "04 2, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A2SHJHCFZ72QLH", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [14, 27], "reviewText": "I have an iPad and thought the Kindle Fire would be a great companion when I wanted a smaller form item.DELIVERY: I ordered the Kindle when it first was issued and was promised delivery on the 15th - I did not receive it until the 16th (I received notice that UPS had delayed it for a day - first time ever from Amazon).USE: After I played with it for less than 2 days (on and off), I thought my iPad served me better - but I would give the Fire to my grandnephew for his use - he loved interacting with my iPad and it had enough games and movies for him to use (and he would like it). I would have rated the Kindle Fire 3 or 4 stars. Not great - but good enough for the price. I turned the Kindle Fire off (not plugged in) and went to sleep.PROBLEM: When I woke up, the Kindle Fire was no longer responding. I plugged it in for 10 minutes or so - still no response. I unplugged it. I requested a call from customer service, spent about 2 minutes on the queue and a representative answered. After only about 2 minutes on the line (plugging the device into the wall and into my computer) they agreed. It was dead. It then got hot and I smelled electronics burning.  When I said I smelled burning electronics (I did) they said for me to move away from the Kindle Fire. At least I now know why it is called the Kindle Fire.Since it died, I do not want another one to give to my nephew. I cannot risk my nephew's life with an item that might literally catch Fire.Amazon is sending me a return box. The experience was much simpler than from other help services - so I think this must be a common problem happening.Pros:Slightly lighter than the iPad (not as much as I expected however)Intial setup experience was goodAmazon Prime movies work well on itInterface somewhat intuitiveSome apps work well on it (I could play some games and set up email ok)My books synced wellI could upload my music both to the player and cloudI found some good appsInteresting packaging - not as good as Apple but good for protection and easy to openCons:The Kindle Fire literally burned upOnly some music files could be load (be careful on extensions - some did not play and came up with an error message)Limited apps - cannot access the Android store without rooting the deviceSome web pages rendered strangelyTouching not always responsive (but OK for me in some cases)Games sometimes quit in the middle and returned to the main screen (buggy software I have not seen on my iPad)Not as easy to read books as on my iPadFingerprints easily found on the glass (more than my iPad)Glares in sunlight on the screen (more than my iPad)Very short cord for plugging into wall - no USB cord providedDifficult to get the piece of paper out of the boxI will stick at this point to my iPad. I know electronics sometimes die within their first 2 or 3 days - but have not had that happen to me in several years.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire lives up to its name - Beware", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A30Q0Y3PH5G0ZZ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "tony", "helpful": [18, 27], "reviewText": "The touch screen works differently depending on which tab you're working in. Sometimes its very sensitive, other times you can touch your choice over and over and over and it never connects. Terrible device because it's too frustrating to use.Their customer service was useless, but did thank me for the complaint.It was a waste of money and I would have been better off putting the 199.00 towards an IPAD.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "very sorry I bought this item", "unixReviewTime": 1321833600, "reviewTime": "11 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A396BYNYP90MNW", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 27], "reviewText": "Sucked, sucked a lot, sucked and sucked. Didn't like it at all! Just the same as a blackberry playbook, STUPID!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Sucked", "unixReviewTime": 1323648000, "reviewTime": "12 12, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3G1UNY3O2NLBH", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Amazon Customer", "helpful": [25, 27], "reviewText": "I just couldn't decide which one of these tablets would be best for me, so I bought them both and tried them out.  I am an Amazon Prime member and also have a B&N; membership, so am familiar with both services.  There are so many reviews of the Kindle Fire that I wonder if anyone will actually read this one.  Nevertheless, here are my non-technical conclusions.Video Streaming:The screens on both devices seem almost identical using most normal apps like reading, web browsing and emailing, etc.  I do notice a difference when watching videos.  I streamed the same Netflix movie on both devices and ran them side-by-side.  Both tablets streamed the movies without a glitch but the Nook display was noticeably sharper and the colors were deeper and richer.  I had three people make the comparison with me and we all agreed.  The Kindle video is very good, but the Nook's is awesome.  One other consideration is that if you are an Amazon Prime customer the Kindle gives you access to lots of free additional video content without having to pay for Netflix or Hulu.  Amazon Prime's video streaming is a nice additional free perk and it works great on my HDTV and computer, too.E-reading:The e-readers are about equal, in my opinion.  The Nook has a few more color settings and fonts available than the Kindle, but the differences are minimal.  I read a book on each tablet and the reading experience was very good on both.  The prices on the respective e-books seemed to be about the same.  I didn't read any magazines or newspapers, but it looks like the Nook has a few more newspaper and magazine subscriptions available than the Kindle.Web Browsers and Email:Both web browsers and email clients seem to work pretty well to me with no major differences.Memory:The Nook allows you to install an external micro SD card up to 32 GB, which I did.  This is important to me because the Nook's internal 16 GB of memory only allows you to use 1 GB of that for non-Barnes and Noble content.  I was able to load up my entire 10 GB mp3 song library on the external micro SD card and it works fine.  On the other hand, the Kindle deals with the need for additional memory differently.  It allocates about 6 GB of the tablet's memory for user content and gives users an additional 5 GB of Cloud storage for free.  I paid Amazon a $20 annual fee, which gives me 20 GB of general Cloud storage space and unlimited mp3 storage, and uploaded my music library.  Frankly, I much prefer the simplicity of the Nook's micro SD card solution so that I can keep everything on the tablet.  Relying on a wifi or usb connection for additional storage would not be my first choice, but I can make the Kindle's onboard 6 GB work.  The hard reality for me is that I don't really need to store every single song and video on my device at all times.Ergonomics:The Nook is a tiny bit larger than the Kindle, which allows it to have some nicely rounded edges.  The Nook feels better holding it in my hands.  The Nook device itself delivers a more stylish look and it has a few external control buttons beyond the on/off button.  The Nook has external Home and Volume up and down buttons to press, while the Kindle uses the touch screen for these functions.  The dedicated buttons are nice but in actual use they seem to make little difference: I found that the Kindle's touch screen solution works just as easily for me.  Additionally, the Kindle's interface seems more intuitive and easier to navigate, more android-like.Software:This is the most important difference, in my opinion.  The Nook does not currently have very many apps, although this will probably change as time passes.  Compounding that issue, however, is the unexpected Christmas \"present\" that B&N; gave to all Nook users on Dec 25.  B&N; automatically \"upgraded\" mine and apparently everyone else's Nook operating system through wifi on that day.  This upgrade locked out the installation of any non-B&N; delivered android software on the Nook.  So if B&N; doesn't offer the software you want on your Nook, then you will just have to do without.  This really ticked me off, because the Nook has a lousy music player (see below) and I wanted to buy a better one from somewhere else.  The Kindle, on the other hand, allows access to the Amazon Android Appstore with thousands of apps.  This is where Amazon's larger customer base pays off, I guess.  The economic reality is that more applications tend to get developed and ported to devices where there are more customers to buy them.  Additionally, as of this writing, the Kindle still lets you install non-Amazon android apps, giving you access to thousands more if you can't find what you want in the Appstore.  The Kindle wins this one hands-down.Music Player:The Nook's default music player, which is currently the only one available for their machine, is not good.  It is basic and bare-bones, all music is listed alphabetically by title and there is no equalizer.  On the other hand, the Kindle's stock music player meets my needs pretty well, with an equalizer and lots of customization options.  And if you don't like that one, there are several more available in the Amazon Appstore, most for free.Hardware:I have two pairs of noise canceling headphones (JBL and Audio-technica) and for some unknown reason both of them are filled with static when I use them on the Nook.  Turning off the noise canceling makes no difference in the static.  The only headphones that I own that play on the Nook without static are a cheap $10 pair of ear buds.  All my headphones and ear buds work fine on the Kindle, however.Charger:Both devices come with a wall charger using a micro-usb connector.  The Nook seems to have a proprietary cable that must be used in order to charge the device.  I have lots of micro-usb home and car chargers and usb cables for my android phones and none of them work on the Nook unless I attach the proprietary cable (which costs $28).  So if I want to charge the Nook in a car or at work, I have to bring along my cable or buy additional ones.  On the other hand, I am able to use all my existing micro-usb cables and chargers on the Kindle without a problem.Summary:Both of the tablets are very good and they share more similarities than differences, so I guess the best way to choose is to nitpick.  The prices and main features are very similar.  The Nook's better screen for videos and the external micro SD memory card slot are its big advantages.  If the primary use is to watch videos, or to use apps with no wifi connection for long periods (when traveling, for instance) the Nook would fit the bill nicely.  The Kindle's main advantages are its large number of available applications, the extra content and, for me, the very good music player out of the box.  If you are wifi connected most of the time, the Kindle's advantages really stand out.Then there is Amazon Prime, which I am a big fan of.  I have been a Prime customer for years and they have never let me down.  The return policies are generous, I like being able to evaluate honest user reviews of products before buying (like this one, for example) and the free two-day air shipping of most products is great.  Plus, for me, I like the Amazon's and Kindle's openness compared to the Nook's Apple-like restrictiveness.  So that's what I think, I hope that helps with your decision.  I'm sure the next generation of both tablets will address each of their current shortcomings.  In the meantime, I'm going with the Kindle.  I returned the Nook yesterday.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire vs. Nook Tablet - I Tried Both", "unixReviewTime": 1325289600, "reviewTime": "12 31, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3QQN6YH7Q8W2O", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 27], "reviewText": "My sister bought one of these gadgets thinking it was a tablet.  IT IS NOT a tablet.  It is essentially an e-reader with minor bells and whistles. If you like something light for reading books or listening to music, this is a fine device.  If you need something with a few more bells and whistles along with a compact size, an iTouch will suffice.  I am a gadget freak and know a tablet when I see it.  It's too bad that this device is marketed as a tablet when it is slow, holds limited storage and you cannot use it for work as a backup to carrying around a laptop.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "NOT a tablet", "unixReviewTime": 1322697600, "reviewTime": "12 1, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3QVS0S2HMVM2T", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [11, 27], "reviewText": "I love Amazon, have a standard Kindle already so was excited when the Kindle Fire arrived...I am on overseas assignment, no problem, it recognised my Kindle books within a few seconds, looking good, but then...- Amazon apps does not work outside US- Android Market does not work with a Kindle Fire, so cannot get any apps to work on it.- Videos don't work outside US, except if you enjoy watching trailers - which do work- Amazon web browser is slow and painfully bad and cannot replace it (yup, no apps).- The main screen just blinks at me as an awkward advert for the first time that Amazon has let me down on anything.- just ends up being an irritating shop window to Amazon where many of the doors to the various departments are locked shut....no apps, no videos, e-reader is worse than a normal Kindle, browser is a dud, loses wireless connection every 5 mins or so......one day in and it sits rejected and alone on a pile of papers.Outside the US it is totally a waste of time, money and effort.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Expensive for a Paperweight", "unixReviewTime": 1322006400, "reviewTime": "11 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A92MD04L73UP8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 27], "reviewText": "This product was disappointing.  The iPad costs more but is such a superior product that it is well worth the extra expense.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "This is no iPad", "unixReviewTime": 1323043200, "reviewTime": "12 5, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AB70NZUP488B8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 27], "reviewText": "I so excited when i bought my Kindle but after i open it and trying to explore the functionality i notice that i can't use this outside US. I tried to get Apps, playing video & music from the cloud but it have an error like this \" Apps not available in your region\" video and music from cloud likewise. I don't understand why Amazon did not inform their costumer about it or they put disclaimer about the limitation of their services.People from US buying this and sending all over the world. How they can use it? It don't have anything on it they need to download it first. I DON'T KNOW THEIR PURPOSE WHY AMAZON NOT CLEARLY INFORMED THEIR COSTUMER ABOUT IT.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Dont Buy this kindle Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1321747200, "reviewTime": "11 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ABXANRX4GPYRZ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 27], "reviewText": "Well Amazon really cut some corners to get the price down and the result is a sub-par product.Cons:Very small amount of memory ( Big problem )No volume keysPoor speakers ( sound )Power button on the bottom ( easy to hit )Cheap looking ( black rubber back )No choice of colors ( black and black only - Yikes ! )Walled garden ( no access to real Google Android Market )No blue-toothNo camerasStrange interface is slow and so locked down ( very half-baked )Little user customization availableBrowser is slowDifficult to read magazines and newspapers ( screen too small )Pros:Cheap price ( an impulse buy - then you feel very sorry and will return it ! )Spend a little more and get a real tablet. You will sleep SO much better. This thing will drive you nuts !", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Stripped Down Device", "unixReviewTime": 1322611200, "reviewTime": "11 30, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AH7VRRLOYL88S", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 27], "reviewText": "Samsung Galaxy Tab (7\"). It has the reader, plus everything else an iPad does, including voice recognition! For $200 and a $20/month 3G data fee (Verizon), you can do everything this Kindle does, only better.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Why not just get the...", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AI9PGMZFHWAFR", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Nicole Anne Elizondo", "helpful": [25, 27], "reviewText": "I don't usually write reviews but I wanted to write one for the average user of a kindle. To start with this is my first Kindle and I do not have an Ipad(too expensive) but I do have an Iphone. I was looking for something that would allow me to use the internet and read while traveling and also just around the house so I didn't have to move my laptop around. I am a Prime member so I thought the movie/tv content and the kindle library were an added bonus. I am an avid reader and usually read about 10 books a month or so depending on my author's release dates and this was my primary reason for purchasing the kindle fire. I should also mention that I have wi-fi via AT&T;'s U-verse (I have the second level of internet of their four) and it was a cinch to set up and connect the wi-fi. I have also connected the wi-fi at my parent's house and my sister and brother-in-law's place without any problems.My ReviewI have had the kindle now for a couple of weeks and I have really enjoyed it's functionality for the price. I primarily use it for reading, facebook, words with friends, email, and occasional internet surfing. I have not had any problems with surfing the internet. The pages load fairly quickly and it is easy to zoom in and out. The keyboard has not been a problem for me but I was also used to the smaller keyboard on the Iphone so the one on the kindle seems pretty big to me. I have also not had any issues with the apps that I have on it and like the larger screen to play words with friends and update facebook. I am NOT a huge app person (even on my Iphone) so I don't have a problem with there not being a ton of apps available yet. The ones that I primarily use have been available.I have read several books on my kindle since I got it and I do like the ease of use for reading. I have not found the weight of the kindle to be an issue but I tend to read with it resting on a pillow or something when I am reading. However, that is not because of the weight of the kindle, I read that way with a book as well. Frankly, I think a decent hardback book weighs more so no problems there. The screen is plenty bright enough when reading and I haven't had any eye strain with it. I really haven't noticed much difference between when I read a paperback vs. the kindle. The turning of the pages is easy and only requires a touch of the side of the screen or a flick of the page. I have found that reading on the kindle while eating is actually much easier than with a regular book since I can now turn the page with my left hand. I have purchased a couple of books from amazon using my kindle and they download quickly and I have not had any problems. I understand that this may be a problem for those users who purchase this for kids and they go out and start buying stuff without permission as a credit card is on file but as my kindle is for me this is not a problem. I have also borrowed a book from the kindle library and that was a very easy experience. I just wish I could borrow more than one a month.I was able to easily put my music that I had on Itunes onto the cloud reader. I put around 400 songs on there and used about 2.5gb of the 5gb that you get for free. You do have the option to purchase more but I didn't buy this to be my primary music player. I have an Ipod for that. However, I did want to put some music on my kindle for airplane travel. The sound has been very good for me and was able to play it on full volume with no headphones in and the tv on with a football game going at a pretty decent volume and can still hear it over the tv.I also watched a movie that was borrowed using amazon prime and had no problems what so ever on it. It downloaded quickly and again I was able to listen to it at full volume with my tv on with a football game on a decent volume and could easily hear it. I was also able to adjust the volume on my kindle without it interrupting the movie at all. Just tapped the screen and the home options came up and I could adjust the volume at will. Once I was done I just tapped it again and the menu options went away. The clarity of the screen is great and the movie looked wonderful.I also put pictures onto my kindle from my computer using a micro USB cable. I know some have complained about there not being a micro usb cable included with the kindle but for $6 obtaining a micro usb cable was not that big of a deal. The kindle shows up as a removable device on your computer and was it very easy to copy pictures onto it. They look great in the photo gallery and I am happy with the way they display. I have also downloaded photos onto my kindle that I received in emails and they look great too.I was able to easily set up all my email accounts (four) on my kindle without a problem and it doesn't take long for it to connect up. I don't use the kindle as my primary email checking device but for when I am traveling I think it will be fine. It is defintely easier to read the email than from my phone.Some final notes based on other reviews that I have seen-The kindle comes with 6.54GB available of space once the operating system is taken into account. I currently have about 400 songs, 6 books, 17 apps, and a video on my device and still have 5.62GB of space left. So for me space has not been an issue. Also, the power button is on the bottom of the device and I have yet to accidentally hit it and either lock it or turn it off and I read with my hand wrapped under the device. I do have a case on it so that it doesn't get scrached up in my purse and therefore I have never had a problem with figuring out which side is up and down. Not that it truly matters as you can rotate it any direction and it goes right side up. As for battery life, I don't charge it every day as I have found that I really don't need to. I can generally read a book (300 to 400 actual pages not digital) plus spend a couple more hours or so messing around with apps or the internet before I get down to a 30% charge or so and then I usually charge it at night. I have found that the charge usually only takes a couple of hours to get completely full depending on where it's battery life was at when you charged it. As for the kindle not having a camera. Frankly, this does not bother me as I wouldn't use it for that purpose anyways. If I want pictures I have a camera for that purpose and as my camera is much smaller and can fit in my pocket that would be much more convenient than any kindle or Ipad device. For example, I recently went zip lining and I would not have been able to use an ipad for taking pictures while zip lining but I had my camera on my wrist and was able to take pictures while zip lining. So since I can load pictures onto my kindle the actual taking of photos was not a necessity nor would I have used that feature much. I have also not had any problems with the kindle freezing up or not working in anyway. Occasionally I have to double tap an app to get it to open but I have that issue with my Iphone as well so it's not really a big deal. The carousel showing everything you have done recently is slightly annoying but hopefully that is something that can be dealt with in a future software update.Sorry this was so long but I really wanted to review this product based on a non techy person's usage.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "A Review for the Average Kindle User", "unixReviewTime": 1322352000, "reviewTime": "11 27, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AIR6CA1GZOOE", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 27], "reviewText": "At first, I gave one star to this product, because there is no way to type chinese.  Now I want to change it to four stars.This is almost exactly what I need. 7\" is pretty good for one hand.  The display is high quality.  The UI is deeply revised from Android system, and easy to use.  Within the six hours, I install nearly all the apps I need (the same as in my android phone), except the chinese input method.  I just plan to use it on bed.  I think it is good for this purpose.After three weeks usage, I decide to change the four stars review to three.  Amazon updated the system twice during these three weeks, but they still din't include a chinese input method.  I know I can root the system and install third part applications, but i think amazon should include it in its original system.  I can wait another three weeks, or I will install CM7 ROM.However, I have to change it back to one star.  I think there is something wrong with the battery magnetization.  When I put the machine in sleep mode, the battery will drain after 20 hours.  The customer service con't solve this problem except telling me to reset the device.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Pretty good, but no way to install chinese input method", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AJSINGH0417S0", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [0, 27], "reviewText": "At this time, my Kindle is less than one year old.Therefore I am not yet interested in the Kindle Fire.I will of course consider it when timing is right.Sincerely,Bonnie WalkerFrequent Amazon Purchaser", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Kindle Owner", "unixReviewTime": 1328313600, "reviewTime": "02 4, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "AJWHT7O9IFD74", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 27], "reviewText": "Amazon needs to let folks know CLEARLY that this device is NOT 3G (FREE 3G with the previous Kindles) You have to be able to connect through WI FI. There are no WI FI connections in my area that are not password protected, so I would have to go out and buy a wireless router to use it in my own home.  No Thanks. The Fire is not really a Kindle as a lot of the great features about the previous versions are gone- text to speech, non-glare screen etc....and it's not really a tablet since it lacks a lot of the features of an I-Pad.  I should have researched this Kindle and realized that it doesn't include free 3G like the previous Kindles did. I am returning it and purchasing another Kindle Keyboard. (I cracked the screen on mine)", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "READ CAREFULLY! This does not have FREE 3G", "unixReviewTime": 1328918400, "reviewTime": "02 11, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "AO6RBLC5NZDEK", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [13, 27], "reviewText": "Screen could be better. Not great for web browsing. Much heavier and thicker than I would have imagined for a device that is missing many features and half the size of IPad. Web browsing speed is not fast, not sure what amazon is talking about. Memory too little. Ok for reading books or playing music. Would not recommend it. I am actually thinking of returning it and wait for something better.Well, I returned it for full refund. I could't take the web browsing on it. Good luck yo others", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Not impressed", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AOEHAA2OTJRYZ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Mom in Phoenix", "helpful": [23, 27], "reviewText": "Just got my Fire. Very simple to use, all my content downloaded instantly, videos download in a few seconds and stream seamlessly, and it registered me instantly. The brower is very fast -- those who say otherwise are either just wrong or have a slow Wi-Fi connection.  All in all, it does exactly what was promised, and does it well as far as I can tell so far.Important to note: all the content you have on your Amazon.com account/in the cloud shows up on the Fire. So, let's say you have a book with a racy title that you're reading on your other Kindle -- an icon for that shows up on the Fire, and there's nothing you can do about it short of deleting the book from your account entirely so you can't access it any more.  Same thing with video.  Same thing with web pages -- once you open one, it shows up in the carousel, and you can't delete it. So, if you're planning to share the Fire with your family or friends, make sure you want to share all your content too.  Amazon, please fix this! Please change the software so that icons can be deleted without deleting underlying content from the account.Another significant flaw: if you are not going to have access to wi-fi for any length of time, you are in trouble with regard to video rentals. Without wi-fi you can't stream, so you have to buy or rent videos.  If you rent a video, the rental period does not begin when you _start_ watching the video, it begins when you _download_ the video. So, if you are going to be without wi-fi access for a week, or maybe you don't want to pay expensive hotel fees for wi-fi, you can't download a video and watch it more than 48 hours later. Thinking maybe you'll just pop over to Starbucks and download the movie there? It takes quite a long time to download a movie, so be prepared to wait. This is a real problem that Amazon needs to fix immediately. Rental periods should start when you watch videos, not when you download them.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Note about Content on the Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ATQATKULIO1C7", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 27], "reviewText": "I am deeply disappointed with the Kindle Fire. I'm especially disappointed that I can't put my books into groups and that I can't change the primary dictionary to a foreign language.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire A Step Backwards", "unixReviewTime": 1322265600, "reviewTime": "11 26, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AYH1ZJZU0NEO4", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 27], "reviewText": "Bought 2 the first day available. What I didn't like:  1.  Too small. 2.  Too heavy for a reader.  3.  Startup too slow. 4.  Weak apps. 5.  No Flipboard. 6.  Mostly a marketing vehicle for Amazon.  Should be free. 7.  IPad a much better value. iPad costs 2.5 times as much.  However it is easily 10 times better. I will be returning two next week.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Utter Disappointment", "unixReviewTime": 1322956800, "reviewTime": "12 4, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A14CCZZOV3CKXM", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [10, 26], "reviewText": "I love amazon, I have joined amazon prime when it became available more than a year ago.  I buy mostly everything i need from amazon.  I was looking forward to using my device.it came registered under my account which was nice, however from that point it was downhill.It feels heavy, forget typing on this device it is AWFUL you get every other letter wrong!!!!!  This so painful. No native email app. Scrolling is jittery, hurts your eyes.  I can keep going on and on for pages but I am going to stop as mentioned it is so painful to type this review on this device.Sorry amazon, I love you guys but please stop throwing money on device like the fire just to compete.  It is not ready for prime time, I am returning my device hours after receiving it.buy a regular kindle if you want an ereader", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "do not buy! !!! mine is going back today", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A14H2HBGO72M14", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 26], "reviewText": "I did ask before I purchased. I had no idea what would be missing from the purchase.There is no USB cord, and my earlier Kindle purchases do not have USB cord that recognizes the Fire.There is no Wi-Fi connection. I don't have an expensive cell phone account; I pay $12 a month for two perfectly adequate cell phones for me and for my husband.In addition to the USB cord, I need to purchase a router for my home and apparently  monthly subscriptions. That means the initial cost is about 35%greater than advertised. In order to use the Fire, you need Amazon Prime, Netflix and Verizon or some such, making the monthly subscription cost approximately equal to that of an iPad. With fewer features.I might consider making a purchase if and when the Kindle Fire includes a built-in wi fi connection. In the meantime, I am in the market for a different brand of tablet, other than Amazon.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "contact with amaon left me totally unprepared for this result", "unixReviewTime": 1324944000, "reviewTime": "12 27, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1S1NJM3TJO9W2", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 26], "reviewText": "Jan 5 2012The initial kindle fire we received was a disaster as indicated below.but i contacted the kindle team through a support number i found thru google(I don't know why amazon/kindle does not publish their support number on their web site).I called them on a friday night.  They insisted that they send me a new kindle to replace my faulty one. I resisted, but finally agreed.  The new kindle arrived on the following Monday at 9am in nyc. Shipping both ways paid by kindle.Halleluiah, it worked great !!  as advertised.  Their version of android is terrific. machine is fast, responsive, etc.I suspect there was a batch of kindle fires that had manufacturing flaws.  They know it (but won't admit it).  I know it.  And now you know it.But the most important thing is that Amazon stands behind their product.In early December 2011, I wrote:If there were negative stars, kindle fire would get them.  the mechanical problems are countless.it freezes every 40 seconds when browsing.  it reboots itself when it is not frozen.  now i cannot even get the browser to open.  it says browser fails to open.i called support.  they talked me into receiving a replacement unit.  i was reluctant because of all the hassle.  But they insisted.I have a one year old barnes and noble nook and it works great.  I assumed, amazon, with all of its resources could do even better.alas,not so.I cannot believe i am the only kindle customer with this outrageously negative experience.I have always held amazon in high regard.  this experience has irrevocably sullied the brand.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "started out negative, but the kindle team saved the day.", "unixReviewTime": 1322870400, "reviewTime": "12 3, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1XAAFAQKHYF2B", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "JLP", "helpful": [22, 26], "reviewText": "5 things to improve upon:1.  Touch interface is laggy, jerky, and unresponsive.  This isn't all the time.  Most of the time, it works like you would expect.  However, sometimes it just stutters.  I would have to tap on an icon multiple times to get it to respond.2.  On the home screen, there is something called the carousel.  This displays a history of all the things that you have clicked on and/or opened in the past such as apps/websites/books/magazine...etc.  There is no way of deleting this history.  So, if you have been looking at a website/book that is somewhat private then it is there for whoever picks up the device to see.3.  During the initial setup process, Amazon forces you to agree to \"1 click\" setting.  This is silly, because you could inadvertently click on the \"buy it now\" button.  Imagine giving the device to a child to play with.  You could potentially end up with a TV that you didn't order....well, this may not be a bad thing.4.  The ecosystem seems too closed.  Even more so than apple.  It feels as if I don't own the device.5.  No physical volume buttons.  I didn't think that this would bother me, but after trying out the device for a couple of hours, I got tired of going into the menu and clicking and dragging.  Physical volume buttons are a must.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "wish it was better", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2GP6XJ1V3MM3L", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "BumbleB Media", "helpful": [23, 26], "reviewText": "I've owned a Kindle 3 (keyboard) since August 2010, a Nook Color since May 2011 and now the Kindle Fire. Since I already had a Kindle and Nook Color, I debated whether I should spend the money on the Kindle Fire. I think each device has a distinct advantage in one aspect, but the Kindle Fire is already the overall winner after running it through the paces just today.Kindle FireDistinct Advantage -- a media device that works seamlessly with Amazon's book, video, MP3 and app offerings.Pros: The device looks clean and simple. Once I turned it on, I was able to use it right out of the box. Some reviewers had trouble with the carousel (icons of the last media viewed that you can scroll through). It moves faster/slower smoothly and I had no trouble stopping it on a specific item.The screen has this wonderful smooth, slippery surface that's missing from the Nook Color. It's bright, clear and feels great as I navigate with my fingers.I find my wrist gets tired within 5-10 minutes when I hold the Nook Color up using one hand. I didn't have that issue with the Kindle Fire. It feels more balanced in my hand.The apps I'd used on my smartphone, like Angry Birds and All Recipes, are better than ever on the 7-inch screen.Shopping for new ebooks in the Kindle Store is a new experience. I noticed Amazon highlights books that will view beautifully on the Fire over the B&W; Kindle screen such as comics and children's books. The categories also highlight the new Kindle Lending bookstore. If you scroll down the main Kindle shopping page, the top 100 Free ebooks are near the bottom. The Kindle Fire Kindle store is mainly about bestsellers, suggested books, tablet-friendly books and category book browsing.A BIG PLUS was watching video online on sites like You Tube or any site that has flash videos. It's hand down better than the Nook Color web experience, esp. with video (see more below).Cons: I didn't find much not to like. I wish this device had a microphone or at least offer a bluetooth option. I use an app on my cell that requires a mike for voice recording, a no-go on this tablet.There is no text-to-speech feature for books that is a killer app on previous Kindles. I am disappointed it's missing and I hope Amazon considers adding it back.A big surprise to me was that all the kindle 3 Games that I've purchased by Amazon Digital Services (and Others) such as Every Word do not even appear on my Kindle Fire bookshelf -- and they won't work because of the lack of navigation buttons that are on the Kindle 3. I don't want the navigation buttons--not at all--but I probably won't be buying more games on my old Kindle 3 since it's stuck on that device. Anyway, the game apps for Kindle Fire blow the socks off the Kindle 3's limited game play.Kindle 3I'm still using my Kindle 3 (3G) almost every single day.Distinct Advantage: I work on the computer all day so I find the eInk is very easy on my eyes after looking at a backlit screen.In the car or at the lake in the summer, the Kindle 3 can't be beat.I'm concerned that the Kindle Fire won't have enough content to cover a day traveling where I don't have wifi. That's never been a problem with my Kindle 3. I have over 150 books on there, and I can get more via 3G almost anywhere.As a reading device, it's the most booklike and the easiest on the eyes.Cons: Kindle 3 is not a multi-media device. As I mentioned the games made for Kindle 3 have noticeable limitations.You can surf the internet on the Kindle 3, but it's not a good experience at all. Comparing Kindle 3 web to the Kindle Fire is not even apples and oranges.Nook ColorI was pretty excited when I got the Nook Color with the hopes for something more like a tablet-slash-ereader.Distinct advantage: Being able to buy B&N;'s books and also to view ePub ebooks you load to the Nook.However, B&N;'s interface is heavy-handed and all the advantages of a potential reader tablet isn't there. I finally hacked my Nook to get the apps and Android functionality I wanted, but it was still clunky and when B&N; updated the Nook software I was back to square one. Argh.B&N; added apps last summer, but the selection is ridiculously limited and apps that are free everywhere else, isn't free via the Nook. I can't get apps from the Google or Amazon's markets.I can use the Nook Color for surfing and viewing magazines is a decent experience (similar on the Fire). But the Kindle Fire web surfing is much smoother/faster than the Nook. I watched Project Runway on a Chinese site called Tudou on the Nook Color but only with lagging video and unclear video. On the Kindle Fire, the same videos on Tudou were perfect, clear and ran smooth -- as good as on my new PC. Wow.I don't know about the new Nook Tablet, but I can say the Kindle Fire beats the Nook Color for books, video, music, apps and web--no questions asked.The bottom line is I'm better than happy with the Kindle Fire. I expect to keep using the Kindle 3 for reading in certain situations and I'll no longer be fighting my kids for the Nook Color (they love it). I hope to God they don't find my new Kindle Fire anytime soon.::UPDATE:: My kids finally got to see the Kindle Fire -- the reaction? _Forget_ the Nook Color, I want one of those! SOOOO -- I put the Nook Color up for sale and it SOLD on eBay. I'm selling one more item to cover the cost of buying ANOTHER Kindle Fire for my teenage son as an early Christmas gift.BTW, I'll be getting him an Amazon gift card so I can set up his own Amazon account but without a credit card. He's old enough to take responsibility for these kinds of things and I will monitor his usage like I already do for other devices.My elementary age son tried the Kindle Fire and loves it (Mom, I want one!) but he has other devices for now (although I did consider it for a moment). I'd have to manage the Amazon account for him and I am concerned about him dropping or damaging the tablet.As for myself, I love using it more and more. I got a stand to hold my KF while I'm cooking for reading recipes or watching a video while I cook. The combo of books, apps, web and video is so good I find myself thinking about going to bed early (who cares about staying up to watch TV?).", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire's a Big Winner Over Nook Color, Kindle 3 (keyboard)", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2K3D4H7FEM2GG", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 26], "reviewText": "First off, ZERO SECURITY.While entering a password, not only does it SHOW THE CHARACTER FOR A FULL SECOND before turning into a 'dot', it SHOWS THE KEY YOU TYPE above the keyboard. Shoulderhacking is all someone needs to steal your crap.-Doesnt even SEE the video files I've installed (tried to see which codecs actually worked; mp4, H.264, .mkv, .avi, many diff DivX, etc.). Yes, I KNOW the only place Amazon tells you this is in the online FAQ buried six clicks deep, and that the videos ONLY show in the gallery, but they are NOT in my gallery either. All they do is take up space, and cant be accessed. They arent even blank icons. They arent there.-It's touchy at best with the capacitive touch screen. Cannot adjust frequency of doubletap, so your finger is 20ms or it's SINGLE TAP.They did this to sell $15 cap touch stylus pens. Use ANYTHING METAL instead, same effect.-Ttells me I'm offline when I'm online and clicking new links and going there. Router shows no record of KF losing connection in log.-Can't adjust volume in most apps unless you stop the app (every app ive tried so far).-If you buy an app on your PC, you need to surf to the sales page from your KF to get it anyways. Synching does nothing. Hope you remembered all the names of them if you'd started out...or surf through your digital sales on your PC while you navigate to the corresponding page on the KF.-Goes into screen saver mode and just shuts off for no reason, even at 90%+ battery when I'm in the middle of doing something, so its not timing out.-I dont expect it to be lightning-fast, but often it's unresponsive.-Tap even 3/32nds off of the 'sweet spot' on your gallery icon, it will go to the adjacent icon instead of selecting it. You just scroll all over until you get it right.-RAM gets used up fast, as running apps dont shut off when exited; many clicks to turn each one off individually.-No mic or cam, so why does Amazon's App Store say the Fire is compatible with Skype, but wont let me download it?-I'm rooting this & will probably tweak the firmware or wait for a better 3rd party patch to this annoying GUI.I didnt expect this to be an iPad, and I hate Apple products as well as their price, but I'd expected MUCH better from Amazon.Very disappointed. This is a $99 touchpad at best. Going back to my 1stgen K3 KB w/3G(wn)", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "ZERO security, doesnt see video files. ROOT IT or FORGET IT", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2N2QM30X36B4E", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 26], "reviewText": "Being forced to find a wifi connection makes this virtually useless anywhere but at home. That's strike one. Storage is around 7g (since the os will use some of the 8) and the highly touted \"free\" cloud only gives you 5g... what good is that?! You'll be paying Amazon $1/Gig/year for everything over 5g. That's strike two. Want to watch movies? They're about a gig each and worse if you want to take advantage of the \"free\" instant watch movies from Amazon you AGAIN need the wifi since you can't download them only stream them. If I'm at home I'll watch on my LARGE TV or PC Monitor... not on a 7\" screen. Strike three you're out! The point of the 7\" is portability but with no 3G and lousy storage forget it. Amazon will have to correct this by next years release or they may as well toss in the towel now and forget it.UPDATE: Anddddd..... IT'S HERE!!!!!!!!! Amazon finally listened and now you can get the Fire with 3G. WAY TO GO AMAZON! Just goes to show that it pays to speak up... enough voices and they pay attention.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Worthless until they add 3G & More Storage UPDATE now w/ 3G", "unixReviewTime": 1324339200, "reviewTime": "12 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2ONVJ5M9A9IVQ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 26], "reviewText": "It would have been nice if the kindle fire came to my mothers home she was so excited about getting it!she will be 81 in may and she has read AT&T least two books aweekw for the last76 years", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "No kindle fire came", "unixReviewTime": 1322006400, "reviewTime": "11 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A354OVU5DU050Q", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 26], "reviewText": "I am undecided between the Kindle Fire and the Nook Tablet.  Have not purchased either yet.  But frankly coming here and seeing all these long reviews has me wondering who is writing them.  Come on, some of them could be a Master's Dissertation. I don't mind getting the facts but I tend to just ignore the reviews that go on and on.  Either the reviewer has a big ego and they have to let you know every little detail of how they feel about the Kindle or someone other than a purschaser is writing them.  Just seems fishy to me.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Won't read the long reviews.", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3HM3JCEEZW9U0", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 26], "reviewText": "My husband bought a kindle and we share it -- we've both read the same books for it.  So today I try to buy another book for it and I can't because it is registered to his account.  The only option I was told by customer service (who kept repeating the same thing ad nauseam) was to deregister it from his account and add it to mine.  When I asked to be passed to someone in management to complain about the registration policies they left me on hold for 5 minutes then came back and said there wasn't anyone available.  Totally ridiculous, we want to share a kindle and each buy books for it.  Is this the 19th century where a woman's money doesn't count?  I have to ask my husband to buy a book for me?  We've each had our own Amazon accounts for years and years and have spent thousands of dollars here.  This is totally ridiculous. Just another example of Amazon's inflexible policies makin' more money for them.  I was about to order some print books from Amazon -- forget it!  I'll order them elsewhere.  They are losing me as a customer over a $1.79 ebook purchase they won't let me make.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "WARNING - KINDLES CAN'T BE SHARED", "unixReviewTime": 1331337600, "reviewTime": "03 10, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A3PFJSYSWYWR0", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 26], "reviewText": "I own two previous Kindle models. I have spent many hours reviewing the responses and reviews about the K Fire.  Simply put, after careful thought, and the fact it has no 3G capability like the other models makes this a deal killer for me.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Not a Review but an impression!", "unixReviewTime": 1322611200, "reviewTime": "11 30, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A5K7RDMYSTDII", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "M. Freeman", "helpful": [21, 26], "reviewText": "This is an amendment to my original review below. This is the response from Amazon: I understand you don't want to put you personal credit card on the Amazon.com account for your son's Kindle Fire. In this case, we do have another available option for you. I would suggest using a pre-paid MasterCard or Visa gift card. We process the pre-paid gift cards as credit cards due to the MasterCard or Visa logo.Problem solved! It worked perfectly!First off I am a die-hard Amazon fan...I chose Kindle over Nook because Amazon is so much better but.......I bought the Kindle Fire for my 12-year-old son for Christmas thinking this would be perfect for him since he is homeschooled. Well it would be perfect and I would probably have given it a 5-star review except for one glaring problem. There are NO parental controls to limit spending (now there is one for in-app spending like Farmville cash or something similar but that doesn't help you for initial downloads of the actual apps). You must register a credit card to download anything (even the free apps). I added a gift card to no avail...you must register a credit card. I tried downloading apps and no password or PIN is required. The $1.00 gift card I applied was depleted and then it charged my credit card. In order for your child to download anything you must first log in to the account, register your card, download what you want, and then deregister your card. I have emailed Amazon about this and I am giving them one week to come up a solution else this will be returned and I will be purchasing the Nook (which you can password protect...I already checked).", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Problem resolved!!!", "unixReviewTime": 1322870400, "reviewTime": "12 3, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AGET0YWBR46TH", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 26], "reviewText": "I'd like to purchase a Kindle Fire, but I'd also like to review what apps are available before I buy.I've been all over Amazon's website and cannot find a list or index of what apps will be available with the Kindle Fire.Guess I'll go with Apple's iPad2.Amazon, I would have bought your product if you wouldn't have made the available apps so obscure!", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Hard to find apps", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ALJBGILX066TZ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Amazon Customer \"martyman\"", "helpful": [19, 26], "reviewText": "Update 1-7-12 I've since added an ASUS tablet and Android phone to my WiFi system, they all have a similar issue.  So this appears to be Android related as opposed to Fire related. I am able to resolve the issue somewhat by using Opera Mini as a browser.  With it I can reach all sites and stores, which can't be reached in multiple other Android browsers. This stems around issues with Https sites, (as opposed to Http pages which are \"unsecure\" and load pretty good on all the Android browsers.)A plethora of issues out of the box. Can stream YouTube videos and browse the web, so I have a decent connection and it recognizes my account, but it will not finish the registration process in any of the applications; News, Music, Books, etc. Its stays stuck in a Registration loop whenever I go to the \"store.\" I've deregistered the device and it won't Sync to load the lastest software. Customer Service said someone from Technical would contact me in 24 hours, that was 36 hours ago - a followup with Amazon was a waste of time.  I'm going to wait a day or two more, then its going back. I've requested and been granted refunds on a newspaper and book that would not load to the device.update: Amazon sent the USB cable so I could update to 6.2 software, that didn't change anything.  2 weeks later I'm on the 2nd Kindle, it acts the same on my home network (Linksys 54G) though I was able to register while on a public WiFi. Home WiFi has worked fine on multiple laptops, desktops and cell phones over the years.  Both Kindles are going back I've spent enough time screwing with it...", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Can't Download Amazon Content or Finish Registration", "unixReviewTime": 1321833600, "reviewTime": "11 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ANGETSCA4N4M8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 26], "reviewText": "I went to check out the new \"Fire\" when it came to retail stores, hoping to see firsthand if it lives up to it's supposed claim of being a Fire fast web browser.  Surely, Amazon would want to demonstrate that--wouldn't they?So, off I went to a store that I knew had Wi-Fi set up, and sold this new \"remarkable\" invention.  What did I find?  That you could not take it out of DEMO Mode to test it, so basically, Amazon sets it up with a \"pre-approved\" low RAM, loop running advertisement. Not impressed.  No Bluetooth, No sound on the DEMO, what gives.  This is a loser.  Uh, When is the Fire 2 coming out?", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Runs Like \"Fire\" in DEMO MODE", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ARILFRYTSO73J", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 26], "reviewText": "just crappy plastic cheap crap... with a low end user interface !  they just want you to buy there stuff through it!!!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "crap", "unixReviewTime": 1324252800, "reviewTime": "12 19, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A11800CPB6KTXE", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 25], "reviewText": "I was going to purchase kindle fire but I changed my mind the reason that it doesn't come with 3G which is then useless for me I wont have internet everywhere I go ,", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "3G not supported", "unixReviewTime": 1326499200, "reviewTime": "01 14, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A1HZXE46K91FF9", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 25], "reviewText": "Your  web connection to access.your book.have to be at at the cloud storage center,Rather have one with a SD card", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "kindle fire", "unixReviewTime": 1321920000, "reviewTime": "11 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1K2HKTOUPUEFA", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 25], "reviewText": "I am really upset about what happened with the Kindle Fire that I ordered and received.  I listened to all the hype about what a great product this was and how easy to order and setup with Amazon.  After two days of trying to register my Kindle and even having the IT technican at my office spend half the day trying and talking with amazon's support we were still not able to register my account on the Kindle I received.  I have now sent it back and will not order another one through Amazon.  I am a regular customer of Amazon and am really ticked off at the lack of quality control on the Kindle I received.  It should have been registered already when I purchased it so I didn't have to go through what happened. Poor customer service.  Don't buy it from Amazon!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Don't order one from Amazon.", "unixReviewTime": 1322006400, "reviewTime": "11 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1KUSBEOLQQFU6", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 25], "reviewText": "Can you imagine an android device that doesn't let you download apps from the android store?  Can you imagine a device that doesn't work the way its supposed to...even according to its own instructions?  Well, that's the Kindle Fire.  My smartphone works better than this thing.  It is completely useless.  I am unable to download and use the apps I access on a daily basis in my life and work.  I've yet to figure out how to remove items from the carousel.  The instructions say press and hold, but that doesn't work.  The tech support call-back feature doesn't work.  I tried it several times, and my phone never rang once.  However, I did get voice mail notifications which only contained music...as though I'd been placed on hold.  What were the designers thinking of?  This Fire is fired!  I'm sending it back.l", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Horrible!", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1MWRD4ORS7C8M", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 25], "reviewText": "NO operating instructions: like the Dyson vacuums, THE INVENTORS could use it, so they didn't see the need to explain to US stupid customers how to do so!  You paid $199, yet they didn't even bother provide the USB cord to connect it to your PC to actually DO something with it (they say you can use a \"standard mini-USB cord\"---I have half a dozen of those, yet NONE are the Kindle's unique format!)!Netflix's Reed Hastings must have slipped Jeff Bezos an \"ARROGANCE PILL\"!  Don't bother buying--wait for the 10 or 11 inch version (early 2012)--that may actually WORK! If you got one, sell it on ebay to some sap, for a profit!Like Netflix last month, SHORT Amazon!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Non-intuitive. Clunky. Sent it back.", "unixReviewTime": 1322006400, "reviewTime": "11 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1RRPBF14VTAUE", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [0, 25], "reviewText": "Right out of the box, this piece of crap was nonfunctioning. Completely unable to connect to a WiFi source. Had several people attempt to make a connection and no one could. Shipping this worthless piece o sheet back for a refund!!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Complete piece of crap!", "unixReviewTime": 1321833600, "reviewTime": "11 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1TVBJ0WFOHP21", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 25], "reviewText": "I don't yet have a Kindle Fire.  Was pleased to learn that they are now available in Australia ... but horrified to find the price nearly double that of the USA.  How is it that Kindle Fire is $359 Australian Dollars?  What $169 in shipping ... I don't think so!  The Australian Dollar is worth the same as the US and this is an outrage.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Price rip off in Australia", "unixReviewTime": 1325808000, "reviewTime": "01 6, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A22B2GI3D8HLTZ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 25], "reviewText": "The Kindle Fire is a well developed, well packaged attempt to challenge the Ipads. Honestly however, the storage issue make the device fall flat. That and the inability to use a fix that smartphones have been using since at least 2005.Silk is smooth and easy to use, as long as you can spell CORRECTLY, no margin for error. none. If fcebook is typed in, it takes you to fcebook not facebook. all of the other mobile browsers i have used had something to help with that. And considering the fact that a Palm Treo 650 is the home of one of my first mobile browsers, that is saying something.but honestly Amazon, add an half ounce of weight for a Micro-SD card reader and the product would be tons better. the idea of the cloud is great and all; but I would rather have the ability to have my stuff at hand at all times.Oh, before anyone calls me an Ipad user trying to make the Fire sound bad, I don't care for the Ipad that much either. The main strength of the Ipad against the Fire (all else being equal) is the ability to CHOOSE the amount of storage built in. The other features of the Ipad over the Fire are cool and all, but the storage is what really bugged me. That and the browser misfiring because of a misspelling.I do not own one of these tablets, one of my buddies let me play with his. When I showed him the spelling problem, he dug out the receipt and the packaging to return it. His spelling is worse than mine. Before I spell checked this, I had 9 spelling errors other than Ipad and the on purpose one. My buddy would have had triple that. That is why that flaw was fatal to the Fire for him.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "ONLY 6 GIGS OF USABLE STORAGE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "unixReviewTime": 1322697600, "reviewTime": "12 1, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A22R0OGDYUFGIP", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 25], "reviewText": "Most of the time you expect top-of-the-line products to have the fullest feature set.  As its their top-of-the-line reader, I just ASSUMED that Amazon would include both 3G and Wireless on the Kindle Fire.  This was a poor assumption on my part, and extremely disappointing when my pre-order finally arrived.  It confuses me, especially given that they've figured out a way to include 3G at no extra charge on their keyboard line of Kindles.  Just comes across as either Amazon rushed the Fire to market or they are being extremely cheap.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Where's the 3G?", "unixReviewTime": 1323993600, "reviewTime": "12 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A245SYQ982FQZS", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "K. Hatfield \"research guru\"", "helpful": [17, 25], "reviewText": "I ordered four Kindle Fires - one for myself and 3 for my gifts for my kids. From the get go, the purchase has been a disaster. I have been unable to register the kindle even though I am using my amazon.com user id and password as it states. My device serial number doesn't show up on the screen. There are no instructions with the Fire so you are on your own or calling tech support in the first 30 minutes. They have been unable to resolve my problem. They want me to get a USB cable which is not provided, but should be. I am expected to hook up the USB cable and download my log files before they can help me.  My wife got a iPad2 and the support tech team with Apple is great. Without being able to be registered I cannot download books or music. You get what you pay for with the Kindle. I am totally disappointed and until my USB cable comes, I am out of luck.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Cannot register the Kindle - lousy support service", "unixReviewTime": 1321833600, "reviewTime": "11 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A27JWDAR5ADGPP", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [15, 25], "reviewText": "What I wanted was an e-reader that I could occasionally use to browse the Web and read on-line magazines/newspapers. I thought the iPad 2 was/is too big and too heavy. My iPhone 4 is fast and light, but too small for reading/surfing. That said, this is awful.It's too heavy to hold comfortably in one hand for reading, and the glare off the glossy screen means that you have to hold it a odd angles to see the screen (as the Kindle Touch's advertizing points out, the Touch's screen \"...reads like real paper, with no glare\"--definitely not the case here). The on/off/sleep button is slightly raised and is in exactly the wrong spot in middle of one of the short sides (the bottom when held in portrait mode), which means you'll be putting it to sleep inadvertently, a lot. See the picture of the woman's hand holding the Fire with her thumb on the lower left corner? Forget it--she's about two seconds from curling her little finger under the bottom edge, where the button is, because the backing isn't non-slip; it actually feels rather greasy, even after a gentle wipe with a cleaner. When browsing, the screen resolution combined with the screen size means that I have to constantly zoom in and out to read articles, along with moving the page up/down/left/right to see what's on it. As a \"bonus,\" sometimes the screen responds to taps/swipes, sometimes it doesn't, and sometimes it's hyper-sensitive; this makes typing in Web addresses or search terms incredibly frustrating. I suspect the slow processor is doing something in the background and is too busy to respond to user input. The browser itself is slow to load pages, even on a fast network. The Home screen has a non-editable \"carousel\" that shows everything you've done on the device--Web pages, documents, apps, whatever. Forget privacy if you show this to anyone. And, no parental controls--don't hand this to a child, because there is no way to lock out purchases from the App Store.If you want an e-reader, get the Kindle Touch (which is what I'll probably do). If you want a tablet computer, get one of the Android devices this size with better hardware and software. The Fire tries to everything, does very little well (it does run Angry Birds decently), and does most things poorly.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Awful", "unixReviewTime": 1322870400, "reviewTime": "12 3, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2G9ZE9M1X5OJV", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [13, 25], "reviewText": "I got one of these bad boys for my birthday. On day one I pulled the Kindle Fire out of its box and fell in love. By day seven I was actively hating the device and cleaning it up to be returned. If the devil is in the details than the Kindle Fire needs an exorcism because it has lots and lots and lots of little, itty-bitty, teeeny weeny details that have been shrugged off throughout the design process that all add up to one big mountain of user heartache. Here are my notes on the things that sunk it for me; Your mileage may vary.OUT OF THE BOX it feels good; a comfortable size and the rubberized back is nice. Although lighter than the iPad but due to its smaller screen, it feels heavier because the weight is distributed differently. I found the Kindle Fire too heavy in my hands after awhile and that required I leaned it against my leg or a chair arm or whatever else was handy. The screen is nice, bright, and has beautiful color. Photos look great, but text is a little grainy. The `stereo' speakers are pretty useless even at the loudest volume. If you're not indoors and someplace on the quiet side I'm afraid they won't be much use. The headphone jacks on the opposite side work well, and are pretty much required for most audio due to the insufficient nature of the onboard speakers. Right next to the jack is the Micro-USB port and the power button (more about both further on). But I like the size, if not the weight, and it felt easier to pick up, put down, or leave about the house. You also get a Micro-USB B power cord and a slip of card stock explaining how to turn on and swipe the lock screen to begin your Kindle Fire adventure.That's it.Let's start with problem one: The Micro-USB B connection cord. It doesn't come with one. So if you thought you were going to add your music or photos or ebooks after ripping your Kindle Fire out of the box, well, you got another thing comin'. In a seriously misguided effort to maximize profit/minimize loss on these devices, Amazon has chosen not to include the cord.  And don't believe anyone who tells you this cord is a `common usb cord.' It ain't. It's designated the B cord for a reason. The A cord you probably have; it's the mini cord now almost the standard for USB cords now, used for hard drives, cameras, blah, blah, blah. The B cord is a non-common cord used for some phones and little else. Why Amazon chose this instead of the more common mini is beyond me. The Kindle Fire looks to be thick enough to accommodate it the Mini-USB. So, yeah, you're gonna have to go down to Best Buy or Fry's or wherever and buy one. And yeah, that's what you're gonna do cause it's cheaper to get in your car and drive across town than buy the thing off Amazon and pay for shipping. And if you do want to stare at your Kindle Fire for a week you can order it online for about $2, although, strangely enough, not from Amazon. This will be, I'm afraid, your first ominous sign in the failure of Amazon's corporate synergy regarding the Kindle Fire.Oh, and the packaging is nice... though strangely over-sized. I'm pretty sure you could cut this packaging by at least half and double your transport costs. Just saying.THE BATTERY is disappointing. My kids drain it in about two hours of Angry Birds. I end up recharging the thing almost twice daily. That's a lot of cycles. I don't know what that means in terms of battery life and usefulness, but it can't be good for device longevity. When I can keep the kids off the games and just read, email, or web cruise, I can get about five hours. I'm sorry to say that makes it not really useful for traveling.WI-FI: I don't know what chip they used in the Kindle Fire but, frankly, it's not very good. Or maybe it is and the implementation by Amazon isn't. I can't tell. But the end result is the same--Poky, slow connections that aren't reliable. The Kindle Fire tries to prolong battery life by switching off the WiFi every time you power down. Unfortunately, that means that every time you swipe the device back on it has to reconnect and reestablish the connection, which usually takes anywhere from five to fifteen seconds (!), depending on a number of variables. More often than not that means you'll already have clicked your way into the mail program only to stand by as the device tries to reconnect to your wireless connection before you can actually check your mail. In the year we've owned an iPad we've never been faced with this. And believe me, it's annoying discovering that you're faster than your computer. Oh, and strangely enough, it has this weird little measuring feature in the WiFi icon that I've never seen before. Basically, the WiFi icon doesn't seem to measure signal strength, but rather, pipeline availability. So the four bar radar icon doesn't show me how strong my signal is but how much of my internet pipe is open. In a house with multiple WiFi computers, phones, and tablets that means I almost never see full bars. And even when I turn those all off I have to be standing RIGHT NEXT to my router to get full bars. What the hell's that all about? I dunno. It's... depressing.THE TOUCHSCREEN is either unbelievably over-sensitive or unbelievably unresponsive, take your pick. This is particularly bothersome with the main menu carousel which sometimes flows underhand without issue and other times has your finger dancing like a organ grinder's monkey trying to isolate and click on the desired icon. At one point I actually became aware of being happy when the damned thing worked on my first finger tap. And the aiming alignment is pitiful. There are dozens of times where you'd put your finger on a link and the link below would click. And don't think you can out-think the Fire by click the link above the link you want.... yeah, it doesn't work that way.MENUS:  Speaking of the Carousel, the menu system on the Kindle Fire is hit and miss. I like the main screen carousel and favorites shelves. But the inability to remove preinstalled items, or even icons from web pages or movies watched already, creates a cluttered menu pretty damned quick. And forget any privacy because everything you've visited is right there on the splash screen. So you're probably gonna avoid handing the device over to anybody else unless you want to be embarrassed. I did a little web cruising for an anniversary gift and that left a huge icon of the web page on my splash screen. You think I want my girl seeing that? Uh... no. That's just bad design.The GALLERY... Ugh, what a mess. I can't even figure out how to sort my photos. Is it by date? Is it by name? It doesn't seem to be either and it seems to spontaneously change all the time. What the hell is going on? I don't know. I have about 500 pictures from a recent trip to Turkey, and even though the filenames are fairly sequential, it still won't display them in order making it frustrating to use as a slideshow for somebody to swipe through. And swiping between pictures is just a parade of coding nonsense that'd probably get you fired at other developer shop. Let's see, there's the heavily pixellated proxy that takes two seconds or more to resolve, the weird zoom out/in between photos with different aspect ratios, and my favorite, the lack of photographic \"kerning\" where the picture displayed onscreen is presented in its proper aspect ratio which leaves thin bars of the previous and upcoming pictures on the sides. That means if you're looking at a low light photo and the ones before and after were taken in the daylight... well, trust me, it's annoying. Oh yeah, and for some reason it's the only app that leaves the Android menu bar at the bottom. So you never get a nice blank screen to present you picture on.The SILK BROWSER is slooooooow. No, really. It's, like, 56K modem slow. You think I'm joking. I've got a nimble DSL line and every other browser on every other device in our house works just fine. And there's no alternative available for download in the Amazon App Store. Supposedly Amazon preloads the pages on their servers to speed up the download... but I'm not seeing it. AT&T; has been doing the same for my phone for years and it isn't anywhere near a poky as the Kindle Fire's browser. Also, I got the same inconsistent aiming issues on the bookmarks menu where you'd click a bookmark and the once below, and in some cases, completely randomly, go to a different website. I'd write more but, basically, it's... well, let's just say it needs a whole lot more developer love.The POWER BUTTON is torturous. Whoever designed this and whoever decided its placement (It could be two different people) really need to be fired. At the very least left cowering in the corner after being beaten mercilessly with the buckle end of a belt. Located at the bottom of the device in portrait mode, I guarantee you will not be able to do ANYTHING without accidentally turning the device off. And off. And off. And off. Aaaaaargh!!! My solution was to hold the device \"upside down\" putting the power button at the top. Hey, stop laughing; it works. But not for streaming movies. You're pretty much gonna power off any movie you're watching a few times. There doesn't seem to be any comfortable way to cradle the device without your hand or leg or blanket or coat or anything without clicking the power button. Which brings us to...AMAZON VIDEO is a mess. Either Amazon's servers aren't up to the task or the WiFi chip sucks or both or... I dunno. I watched, if you want to call it that, one and a quarter movies. Kinda. Sorta. Not really. The connection would time out constantly. Sometimes it would reengage, other times not. And you better hope it does because the dark secret of streaming movies on the Kindle Fire is this: Once it times out you will ALMOST NEVER be able to pick up where you left off. Almost never? What the hell does that mean? It means that if you turn off your Kindle Fire to go to the bathroom, answer the door, eat lunch, or more likely, accidentally hit the power switch and shut the thing off, you will not be able to resume playback. I got the resume feature to work, I don't know, maybe 3 times in twenty. The overwhelming majority of the time the device would time out and dead end with a pop up telling me to `try again later.' The workaround I found was to ignore the resume feature and always play the movie again from the start, and once playing, try skipping ahead to where I thought I left off. That would work maybe fifty percent of the time, which was still more reliable than tapping the resume button. How bad is it? I thought about video recording the first three minutes of the movie I tried to watch this morning and posting it here. I promise you if you watched how many times the movie skipped, paused and glitched in the OPENING CREDITS of a movie it'd kill your interest in the Kindle Fire immediately. It's only because I don't want to get sued for copyright infringement that I don't. Oh, and I tried the Netflix app and it worked fine. No problems at all. So it seems to me that the problem is on Amazon's server end and not mine.BOOKS: You've probably read this in other reviews but, yeah, it ain't all that for reading either. The screen is just a little too low-res for that. I found myself breaking from a short story several times to give my eyes a rest. That was unexpected and surprised me when I finally realized it.I tried checking out an ebook from the Los Angeles Public Library website. Talk about heartache. Curiously, the LAPL uses Amazon (!) to download their online collection.... and it still doesn't work! Let's see, I checked out three books, two downloaded to my Kindle Fire the third dead ended on an Amazon page telling me the link to the book wasn't valid. So, it's checked out to me for 21 days, but I have no access to it at all. WTH? Anyway, I got the other two books, right? Wrong. Just cause I downloaded it doesn't mean the Kindle Fire is designed to actually access the files. Anything non-Amazon you download will only exist in the downloads folder, accessible only after you hard connect the Kindle Fire to your computer by micro-USB B cable (You did remember to buy one, right?) and physically DRAG the file from the downloads folder to he books folder... or Docs.... doesn't matter, it's gonna show up in the Docs folder anyway. Curiously, Amazon has decided that any ebook not downloaded from the Amazon Store gets segregated to the Docs menu instead of the Books menu. Notice, I wrote `menu' and not `folder.' That's because no matter which folder you stick it in the Kindle Fire will automatically display the device in docs. Whatever.Think about that for a minute. If every time you download a free book you need to connect to a computer and digitally move the file into the proper folder than the Kindle Fire is basically useless for traveling.Worse, in this case, the LAPL requires the Overdrive software to license its online collection. Unfortunately, Overdrive is not as of this writing available for the Kindle Fire from the Amazon App Store. You can go to Overdrive's site and download their `Media Console' directly but I'm warning you now that it's for Android and doesn't work yet for the forked code of the Kindle Fire. It won't be able to find or open any ebook downloaded from my library. All of this begs the question: What the hell is Amazon thinking? Clearly, they didn't put any effort into trying to get library DRM envelopes like Overdrive up to speed by the Kindle Fire's release date? Did a room full of Amazon suits really sit around the conference table and arrogantly think, \"Well, screw it. If they want to read a book they can buy it from us instead?\" What is wrong with these people? Nothing makes me want to avoid a business than then they start acting shady. On the bright side, the icons alerting me after I ended the loans from the library downloaded to my computer flawlessly and are now a permanent reminder on my main menu Carousel. A golf clap for everyone on the Kindle Fire team!THE CLOUD services leave a lot to be desired. You're supposed to be able to access and playback anything you've purchased from Amazon right off their cloud services. But you have to download some silly software that scans your computer and `finds' your music files. I could never get the services to recognize the overwhelming majority of my Amazon purchases. I'm talkin', maybe, ten gigs of Amazon MP3 purchases, and it found, if I remember, about two and a half gigs. And even then I was required to UPLOAD THEM AGAIN to be able to access them. So... if I have this straight... I can access my Amazon purchases, but apparently, Amazon doesn't have a record of it. Nor can they link to their preexisting master files based on my receipt database (that they don't have!) and stream it to my Kindle Fire. Not to mention that the device already has dodgy WiFi so asking me to tie my my computer for God knows how long while I transfer gigabytes of mp3's back up to the cloud... Ugh. That's a LOT of steps and NOT intuitive. I gave up.CONNECTING to your computer is actually more complicated than it seems it should be. Wait, I mean DISCONNECTING. You better remove the Kindle drive from your computer desktop BEFORE clicking that `Disconnect' button otherwise you are in for a world of hurt watching your Kindle Fire flicker and spontaneously dance around its menu's until you click through the the device's settings and force stop all running apps. It's not particularly clear whether you should click `disconnect' on the Kindle or trash it from the computer first (I found computer first, then Kindle second worked best) so there's a little mucking about until you figure it out for yourself. The Kindle Fire doesn't come with a printed instruction book but an installed PDF in the Docs menu instead. Not that it'll help you when you're plugged into you computer. To be honest, it won't really help you when you're not plugged in. It's a terrible manual that's frustratingly incomplete and poorly written. It's better if you just pretend it doesn't have a manual at all.Let me ask you a question: Does this sound like fun to you? Wait, let me rephrase that. I mean does this sound like Windows 95 to you? Cause, yeah, it's like that. Remember when you would spend an hour trying to complete the simplest task and the stress would shorten your lifespan by two years? Yeah, good times. If you miss those days then the Kindle Fire is for you. Attempt to check out an ebook from your local public library website and once again feel the rage, stress and tears you once felt all the time in the nineties trying to get WordPerfect to batch a list of mail addresses.Listen, I don't buy into this BS defense that its not an iPad and shouldn't be compared to one. The Kindles? Yeah, sure. They're e-readers. But the Kindle Fire is clearly direct competition. And right now the iPad is the standard and its reasonable to grade it accordingly. Yeah, that's right, the standard, because like it or not, with 90% market share, the iPad is the tablet market. And the sad part is that the Kindle Fire doesn't fail because it's not an iPad, it fails because it is so poorly executed. I don't miss a camera, Facetime, whatever else Amazon has dropped to stay competitive. But the fit and finish on this device is utterly Microsoft, 1995. I cannot believe that someone on the Kindle Fire development team didn't call out these obvious burps, bugs and drawbacks during the testing phase. But given the sad state of corporate America lately, I'm sure that person was immediately ostracized or fired or both.The whole week I found myself thinking, \"Oh, they'll fix that in the next update.\" Until finally I had an epiphany: What update? I mean, how the hell do I know Amazon is gonna update this thing? Apple would. Microsoft would. But Amazon... I have no idea. And since they forked the Android code, they own it. Google can't help them out here. [I wrote this before Amazon released their v6.2 update the other night. Maybe things are better, I dunno. I already took it back.]In the meantime you'll find there's a lot of the web that you can't really access because the Kindle Fire coding team couldn't seem to carry the ball across the field. No, really. Like, you know how you go to a website and click on a menu and it drops down to offer a sub-menu? On a computer with a mouse attached that's a no brainer, but that doesn't work on a touch tablet--There is no hovering, right? The iPad solves this by popping up a spinwheel that you finger to choose your sub-menu item. The Kindle Fire just leaves you in a no man's land of unclickable links that you can't necessarily back out of. So using, say, the moronically laid out Los Angeles Public Libraries website to check out an ebook to your Kindle becomes a singularity event of stupidity and hair pulling frustration. In the end I used my notebook computer to search and find and then went back to the Kindle Fire to search for and check out that specific title. So I used two computers to do one task. Ree. Diculous.Listen, I'm big on Amazon. I'm a prime member and I buy a lot of stuff from them all the time. I'm a fan. But this is a case where they need a big kick in the keister. Because the Kindle Fire is this|close to being a great device. It's ninety percent there. But that remaining ten percent is killing it. It's the fit and finish that separates a good carpenter from a bad one. Look, The Kindle Fire will sell. At $200 there's gonna be a ton of people gifting them for Christmas. Its price point can't be beat. But talk to me in a year. I wouldn't be surprised to find that most people weren't using theirs as frequently as you expect. It's too clunky. How could such an inept power button be allowed to go into production? Why do I have to connect my computer to find all the music I've bought from Amazon? Is there some reason they couldn't code a move command so every ebook downloaded so that it automatically went to the correct folder? Does Jeff Bezos have a watch? Cause I do and mine doesn't say 1990. Maybe Amazon bit off more than they could chew. Maybe it's all First Gen-itis and the Kindle Fire will be a remarkable device one day. I can believe that. But if that's the case then I'm getting my money back now and I'll check out the third Gen tablet down the road.On the other hand, at half the price of the iPad, you won't feel as bad when you frisbee the thing against the wall in frustration.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "I'm Disappointed That I'm Disappointed.... *sigh*", "unixReviewTime": 1323043200, "reviewTime": "12 5, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2H8QBSEZG5GEM", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 25], "reviewText": "The Kindle Fire is a very promising product, but there are some major defects that may keep it from catching on. First let me say that the Kindle Fire is ridiculously under priced. At $200, you get a better device then the IPad. Thats right you heard me. But then again, the IPad is just a large bulky, hard to carry around IPhone that you cant make calls on. And the IPad2, is the IPad except $200 more expensive and white. Im not sure if they have added a feature to either the IPad or the IPhone since it was first released in 2007.But never the less, after conceding that noone has created a descent tablet yet, then i would say if you are looking for a tablet the Fire is a better all around device then the IPad.It does Internet, FaceBook, Angry Birds, Apps, Apps Apps. Some of the third party app makers should be ashamed of themselves though. The Times Kindle Fire app is a glorified rss reader. I think it maybe the same reader they made for the Windows Phone. Personally, I believe the Times just isnt interested in making a descent App for anyone other then Apple. Facebook integration is also good (as they always are on every device... thank you). The Fire also has an audible app, which i am sure will be great for Audible listeners (but i will probably continue to download my audible books to my IPod just because its smaller and i can listen to the books while i work out). The internet browser seems to be very easy to use.Now here is the bad. I have to imagine at $200 for this device they making zilch on the sell of a device (they may even be loosing money). That means if the Fire is going to be successful it will only be that way because of how it integrates in with Amazon. In other words, Amazon is banking on people buying lots of other content along with their Fire.However, the intergration with Amazon is terrible. Ive had to call into Tech Support twice since ive gotten the device. I had to call in simply to register my device with Amazon. Then they registered it to the wrong user. I had to unregister the device and reregister it again. Why is this an issue? It should just do this.  Secondly, there is NO WAY TO DELETE UNWANTED E-BOOKS. Thats right, if you made the mistake of buying the autobiography of McHammer it would still be there. It is showing me items on my Kindle from my Trash. These are items I DO NOT EVER WANT TO SEE AGAIN! Through Amazons main website I thought I had deleted the items for good. But I turn on my Kindle and there they are. It turns out that Amazon doesnt allow you to delete e-books. They are stuck there forever (if you attempt to delete them they will tell you that 'You cannot delete E-Books because you might want to download them again.' Guess what, I dont and never will. Sure you can put them in the trash, but they still show up on the kindle when you sync it. It wouldnt be so bad if they would not show the books on my main Kindle page... but guess what there they are... and no they arent going anywhere.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Terrible", "unixReviewTime": 1324512000, "reviewTime": "12 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2I2UMCMX6OOD8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 25], "reviewText": "You have to have a credit card associated with the amazon.com account there is no way around this. They state that you can use a gift card and not fill in a cc but that does not and will not work for app purchases. The only work around is a pre paid cc and even when that is used they can contine to purchase. Without any parental controls there is no way I would let any child use one as it is just to easy to buy things. There support teams only suggestion is to turn on the new wifi password controls but then you lose the idea of the cloud to store all you things.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Do not buy for children", "unixReviewTime": 1324598400, "reviewTime": "12 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2M8AL6HIX76AB", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 25], "reviewText": "An awful product.  Too small.  Too slow.  The interface is poorly designed.I wanted an iPad but Amazon directed me to the Kindle instead.  This is like bait and switch.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Awful product. I want an iPad instead.", "unixReviewTime": 1324252800, "reviewTime": "12 19, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2OUM47LSSSJN6", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 25], "reviewText": "I cant download any app in my kindle!!! so it is useless thanks amazon! please make a solution we make an effort to buy it if you dont want to sell to latinoamerica please let us know!!!!!!!!!!!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "not a kindle for everyone", "unixReviewTime": 1322870400, "reviewTime": "12 3, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2T40KUEZH7XAP", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "WendyT", "helpful": [22, 25], "reviewText": "I received my Fire about two hours ago.  During that time, I have installed several apps, set up my Exchange Server email account, downloaded several books from my Kindle library, and tested the Amazon Prime Instant Videos on it (along with Netflx.)  I have to say that this Fire does exactly what it is advertised to do -- it delivers content well.  I like the display of videos on it. Integration with Amazon (music, books, videos) is seamless..very smooth.Setup was a breeze, although you do need to wait a few minutes for it to update itself once you power it on and walk through the initial setup.  It recognized my home network without a hitch.For the $199 price, this mini-tablet is a good deal.  Of course it will not do everything that my Xoom or my iPad does -- but both of those devices came with much higher price tags.In summary -- easy setup, easy use, great value!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Easy setup, does what it advertised to do, very good value for $199", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A34Z3BCME348Z0", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [10, 25], "reviewText": "Ok, I am bitter about the product and amazon.  I'll admit that right off the bat and that I just returned this product.  I tried to keep this product and used it a lot in a week and a half. In the end I was just too frustrated with it.  If you are just surfing the web, this product is good, but so is my phone.  I have several problems with this product and I am really bummed.  Here are my gripes in random order...1.  No microphone.  Doesn't sound like a big deal, but I am very used to using google search via voice.  Also to compose emails etc.  Can't do it.  No way to use skype or anything else that you talk too. I don't like that I have to type to go somewhere.  Saying \"go to amazon.com\" is more efficient for me.2.  The biggest problem is the marketplace.  Here is where amazon really failed me.  I use google apps for mail, calendar, voice, maps, talk, youtube, maps etc. None of them are available in the marketplace.  Yes, not one of these (even youtube, c'mon!) is available on this device. Also my home security app, remote access to my work pc, controlling my audio receiver, my lighting system, etc. All of these apps are available through the android marketplace, but amazon chose not too offer the flexibility of choosing a market - very apple like which is why I didn't buy an Ipad either.  I would have paid a lot more to have the freedom to choose whatever I wanted to put on my phone.  If you are considering this device please make sure the apps you have purchased through android marketplace are in the amazon market before you get excited.  Also, if you are like me and have always loved amazon, don't buy this product if you are looking for \"android flexibility\".  You will be mad at amazon like me.3.  Email system.  Don't have a clue what they were thinking here creating their own product. I don't know how many people use gmail, but I am guessing it is a lot and a high percentage of the android operating system and those that didn't buy an ipad even if they could afford it.  There is no way to archive.  I haven't used ms outlook in 5 years, but felt like I went back to a first edition of outlook.  Just a bunch of lines of emails.  You can, of course, access gmail over the net, but this isn't the same experience as the app.4. screen has a lot of glare.  If you are like me and moving from the original kindle, you will miss the reading experience of the original.5.  Hardware.  Slow processors compared to other tablets Some video and games were choppy. Built on an old version of android (2.2 I think) and will be hard to update. 8 gigs of internal memory.  No memory card slot so you are stuck with what you got.  I don't have a lot of experience with tablets, but this thing really feels like a brick in your hands.  Hard to hold with one hand in landscape mode.  Again, lack of android market means you don't have a ton of keyboard choices to help with this problem.6.  This is my own ignorance I guess but want others to be aware.  I was excited about the streaming of videos and tv to the fire. It works fine, but i thought there would be a way to hit download of a tv show so I could watch it on a the plane.  You can only stream it over your wifi to be free as part of amazon prime.  If you want to take it with you you have to buy or rent it then download it.  Amazon needs to figure out how, with prime, you can download a show for a period of time for free to make it useful for me.Bottom line, is that I miss my google experience mixed in with my amazon apps on my droid. I chose android, google and amazon on my other devices.  now I am left with only a poor version of the amazon experience and none of the good stuff that I like about android.  I will wait for a better tablet, at a much higher price I am sure, that can fully integrate with whatever I want it to, not just what amazon wants me too.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "First bad experience with Amazon.  Shoot.", "unixReviewTime": 1322092800, "reviewTime": "11 24, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A384JIUVQK8WD8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 25], "reviewText": "UPDATE:  I did BUY the product Nov. 2011, and got rid of it JAN 2012 because of the issue described below.  I bought the device to be used by my kids, but found it impossible to use because of the one-click ordering oversight.BUYER BEWARE:  one-click ordering can NOT be turned off on Kindle Fire.This means anyone can order books/videos/games/merchandise using the device and it will automatically be charged to your credit card.Giving the Kindle Fire one-star because of the inherit risk. (i.e. liability vs. asset)", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "BUYER BEWARE: one-click ordering can NOT be turned off on Kindle Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1323129600, "reviewTime": "12 6, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3D5CB1641CAOH", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [10, 25], "reviewText": "I am the last member of my famiily to finally get a kindle I bought it yesterday (probably my first mistake) and it was really nice last night however today as I am trying to connect it to the portable wifi all it does is keep shutting itself down, when I shut off the wifi it still keeps shuting itself off.... and the saddest part is I can't find a single phone number for support on the website.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "my first 24 hours has gone from excitment to dissapointment", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3EEAG299EHJ8U", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 25], "reviewText": "Actually, truth be told, I do not currently own, nor have I ever owned a Kindle Fire. However I am VERY technology involved and have a number of other Android devices.I'm publishing this blog simply because I was (until a few minutes ago) considering purchasing a Kindle Fire, and maybe even a refurbished one, for another $30 off with the same 1-year guarantee. But decided not to when I read the specifications on this device. For instance; \"8 hours continuous reading or 7.5 hours video playback \" Basically, this matches almost any tablet out there, and I currently own a 10\" tablet that has about the same battery life and offers a hell of a lot more power, as well as capabilities, in comparison.Then there's the memory issue. 8 GB of RAM isn't exactly a little, but even worse, it's not a lot. My current tablet has 16 GB onboard, and a memory card slot that's holding an 8 GB micro SD card! Sure, it cost me in teh $300-400 range, but it also has Kindle for Android installed on it, and is also in color. So it's like a Kindle Fire with quite a lot more punch!My recommendation to you, because this is what I'm going to do, is buy either the basic Kindle for $79 as an ebook reader, and then purchase yourself a tablet for tablet like duties. That way you can read your books all dang day long, and get down to serious business with more screen real estate on any of the somewhat inexpensive (as of late) tablets that are available. My tablet (nor any, for that matter) can't beat that 1+ month battery life or even the 3 week battery life of the other Kindles. But the Fire...yeah, while the price might seem attractive, since most of your books are in black & white anyway, who really need it in color with a tablet like battery life, a 7\" screen, and less RAM than a comparable tablet? Also the one thing that would have put this over the fence for me is if it had a 3G card. Then I might have really given it some consideration.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Interesting device...", "unixReviewTime": 1330214400, "reviewTime": "02 26, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A3ISMJ833OJU8N", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [11, 25], "reviewText": "I received my new Kindle Fire yesterday with great expectations. I got to say i am a wee bit disappointed. First of all, the browser, the much advertised and hi-tech browser is -- rubbish. I don't understand how can Amazon claim they have come up with a revolutionary browser, because it isn't.  The browser has bars on top and bottom of the screen, i can't use the whole display, among other annoying features.The selection of apps is another thing, there's nothing really that is of productive value. I knew this bit was going to be restricted compared to other Android devices, but this is really sad. For instance, no google apps are available. Some of the most used services in the planet are barred from the Fire. No youtube, no Gmail, no Maps. -- No Skype!Something's funny with the keypad too, it does not always work well. And because there are no hard keys, volume control is horrible. The power button is on the bottom of the device, I constantly turn the device off without meaning to.I so much wanted the Fire to work. I love Amazon. But as i wrote the most disappointing things are the browser -- it is slow and just plain sucks -- and that all the most used apps in the world are not available. Sad.Good about the device, though, is its size, display quality and sturdy build.I gotta say, I am going to have to return this one and buy the iPad instead, _and_ cough up 2.5x more to pay for it. But it is going to be worth it.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "The worst browser ever + No Google apps and very limited apps selection", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3L0B6PJJNFLVS", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 25], "reviewText": "Unless you hate Apple, get an iPad.  Nothing beat the iPad now as far as function, user experience, and design.=========================================Wow, here comes the armies of fandroid nerds bashing anyone who dares to compares Apple products favorably.  If you want reviews, just google for it.  There are plenty of professional reviews out there already.  It seems lots of people buying this expecting it to work similar to the iPad for a cheaper price are finding out you get what you pay for.  Look at the high percentage of bad reviews for this product, should speak for itself. LOL.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Get an iPad.", "unixReviewTime": 1324080000, "reviewTime": "12 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3MRBE4Q30XYEZ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [0, 25], "reviewText": "Hoping to see this Item with... and 4G.....I'll get one....maybe more ...would also love to see other screen sizes ....can't wait....Love you AMAZON... Love you Amazon.... As always \"TraderBill\"...fingers crossed......12/5/201Up Date 7/1/12..........bought it as a rebuilt unit..on a deal..with credits....Un bloody believable... for $56.00 ..It is the most perfect piece of technology (own tons) I've ever purchased....does just what it is suppose to do...seamlessly...perfectly....almost the best thing I've ever owned at any price....Maybe 4g?? Maybe...Love you Amazon...", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Waiting !", "unixReviewTime": 1323043200, "reviewTime": "12 5, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3OGN3Z2DHKQSX", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 25], "reviewText": "Why can't you rate something 0 stars?  I got the Kindle Fire yesterday and what a disappointment!  The text was so small you couldn't read it even if there hadn't been so mcuh glare on the screen, which was just like a mirror.  So...accessories needed just to make it an e-book.  And it couldn't get most of the Project Gutenberg books that my regular Kindle can get--the out-of-copyright (free) old books that I like best.  Although all of them are stored in the cloud for my regular Kindle, the only books that the Fire could share were those that I had purchased rather than downloaded on PG.  So even with a larger text size and no glare, I couldn't use the Fire to read 90% of my books.About a dozen TV shows were listed--all except Julia Child's old cooking shows from PBS involved additional per-episode charges.  It looked like about the same number of movies were listed--12-15.  If there are more, or if any were free with the free month of Amazon Prime, it was not clear how to find them.  (Trying to do a search when the text size is about 5 points is pretty hopeless.  So much for accessibility.  I'm not even to the point of being visually handicapped--just need strong reading glasses--and the TWO display options offered are \"Brightness\" and \"Screen timeout\".  Nothing about the font size.)So a HUGE disappointment.  I love my regular Kindle and practically evangelize for it, but I sent the Fire back at noon today.  I had it for less than 24 hours.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Returned it the next day", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AAHN0Y88945SS", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 25], "reviewText": "why doesn't this thing have an SD card slot? the only reason I will NOT buy one EVER is because it doesn't have this feature. as I already have many ebooks and documents in PDF format and on SD cards I should be able to just plug in the cards I ALREADY have and read them, but as it is, I'd have to load them through the USB and use up the limited memory on the unit. I'd rather have a tablet than NOT have an SD card reader. who are the target customers that don't use SD cards? are these people really out there? I haven't met a single one.everybody should hold off on the kindle until they put the SD card reader BACK into it as the first generation had!!!!!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "needs an SD card slot!!!", "unixReviewTime": 1322179200, "reviewTime": "11 25, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AG3WYEKJ6O0GX", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 25], "reviewText": "I live in New York City but the kindle considers the NYC Area as an unsupported area for apps. Meaning: If you would like to add apps to your Fire, you better make sure not to live in an unsupported area!Now I am thinking of sending the electronic device back to Amazon or to keep it and hope to be able to load it with a different kind of android version one day.....What would you do??? Keep and wait or send back?", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "of no use in NYC", "unixReviewTime": 1322697600, "reviewTime": "12 1, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AROEAJRHBJ9ZT", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [11, 25], "reviewText": "I've had this product for a few days, and am a gadget hound. I have an IPhone and do certain things with it. I have an IPad and do certain other things with it. I have a Kindle first generation, and I love it and do certain things with it. I just honestly could not find any use for this Kindle Fire. There's nothing about it that wows me in the least. I even have the IPad 1, and it still beats this Kindle hands-down for everything. Just the app store alone kills it. Just not what I had hoped for, and the Kindle prime that gives you thousands of streaming movies? Been there, done that with Netflix. The screen is not made for watching movies, and being a person who is hard of hearing - the sound on this thing is awful.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Not quite there", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ASDCMNDACLTO9", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [0, 25], "reviewText": "Don't buy! It is not worth the $200. Save your money or get an iPod! If u want a tablet get an iPad. Kindle Fire is basically a bigger, cheaply made iPod. Take my advise and DO NOT GET A KINDLE FIRE!!!!", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "No!", "unixReviewTime": 1333238400, "reviewTime": "04 1, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "AWP2DPNY3A4JD", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [11, 25], "reviewText": "I agree with several other reviews when I say \"I really wanted to like the Kindle Fire.\"  But how do you start with a Google Android Operating System and leave out core functionality and Gmail integration?  So far I have been unable to sync Gmail Contacts or Calendars.  There is a Contact App, but no apparent way of syncing Contacts.  There's not even a Calendar App.  Yes, you can always view contacts and calendars through the Web Browser, but there is no integration between that and the Email app on the Kindle Fire.  You should also be aware that there is no apparent support for Exchange Active Sync.  An Exchange Account should work if you have POP or IMAP access, but not traditional Exchange connectivity.I believe I had reasonable exceptions (it is a $200 device), but shame on me for not doing more research.  My Droid phone has the Kindle app, what I got here was a larger screen with less functionality.  What it does, it does well, but skipping contacts and calendars this is an oversight that keeps it from being a fully functional tablet.  I like being reminded of an appointment when I'm reading on my phone, but that won't happen on the Kindle Fire.If you want to read books and watch movies, this is a great device.One other minor flaw is the location of the power button.  So far I have inadvertently shut down the device 4 times while reading (I just got it today).  I tend to hold it against me while I read.  If I hold it right-side up it presses against the power button (and shuts off).  So I have to hold it upside down (which covers the speakers).  Not ideal.I will be happy to update my review with 5 starts if or when we get full calendar and contact sync.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Android without Calendar or Contacts??", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1D0S1T9KWDKLX", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 24], "reviewText": "Received the fire for christmas.  Spent several hours attempting to connect, upload and view even basic audio files with no success.  Allowing only wi-fi is a very bad idea as there is very little or no strong connections in many areas, and the system kept shutting offline.  Pure Junk, don't buy unless your a I.T. wizard, and then you can find much better.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "unusable junk", "unixReviewTime": 1324771200, "reviewTime": "12 25, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1MD8KAVJU67LM", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [9, 24], "reviewText": "Review Update: 12/5 - I received a call from Amazon customer support today to discuss my issues with the Fire.  This is the kind of customer service I love.  I chose to return it because it really did not meet my needs.  I guess I am spoiled having an iPad and high expectations.Still I have to give big props to Amazon for superior customer service and them caring about their customers experience.  I am a loyal fan of Amazon.com and when I get a real person who calls me I eat it up.  Thanks Amazon and I will continue purchasing from you.Thanks,JonJeffery, I bought this Fire in good faith knowing not to expect it to be a iPad.  That said it is so far off from being usable that I no longer turn it on.  It just sits in a drawer.The browser is worthless. The screen is jumpy and intermittent in its movements.  The library of applications is pretty thin.  It just doesn't even come close to a workable machine.  There is no flash to look at items and it just feels weird.The videos in the streaming look terrible.  Its just a mess.  Recall it all.Jon", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "This ain't even close..... BUT!  Superior customer service that cares", "unixReviewTime": 1322870400, "reviewTime": "12 3, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1P4RV7TPIX5A9", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 24], "reviewText": "I purchased this item because it seemed to be reasonably priced.  However, contrary to its name it doesn't burn very well.  It seems as though in addition to this device and matches, one needs to have lighter fluid.  When trying to survive stranded in the forest, why not save the $199 and just use wood since matches and fluid will work with those as well?  Disappointed since the iPad burns great!", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Contrary to its name...", "unixReviewTime": 1327881600, "reviewTime": "01 30, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A1RRW139YIGDG2", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "&#34;Rocketman&#34;", "helpful": [20, 24], "reviewText": "Ok.  So I've seen all of the reviews that were talking bad about the Kindle Fire and it made me a little worried.  I am getting one for Christmas and didn't know what to expect.  So I got an idea.  I borrowed my friends for one day and I have to say those who give the Kindle Fire a bad rating, probably don't even try to learn how to use it.  The device IS AWESOME!DELETING HISTORY-You most certainly canPeople talk about issues that there is no way to delete history and keep what you do private.  Thats either a lie or someone just didn't know what to do.  There are two simple ways to delete the history.  There is one way in the history that pops up at the bottom of the screen when you hit the options arrow while looking at a web page.  You can delete websites one by one, or you can clear the history.  Also, when you first hit the \"WEB\" button to go surf the web, it my show some of your favorite sites you've looked at first.  If you don't want them there, just simple touch and hold your finger on them until it gives the the option to delete it.  The other way is you can go into the settings and clear the history, clear the cache, and the cookies too.  The setting button can be found beside the battery icon, just tap it and options will open up.  If you don't see the battery or settings icon, you need to tap the bottom of the screen to get the arrow to appear.  Then they will appear too.  This is what you would have to do if you're playing a game or watching a video.LOCKING OR PASSWORD PROTECTING DEVICE-You most certainly canIn the settings you CAN go into the security features and turn on the lock password.  Once you turn it on it lets you type in the password of your choice.  So there is no worry of having someone getting your Kindle Fire and going through your stuff.THE POWER BUTTONI've seen complaints about the location of the power button, which is always the lock button.  Just like the iPod touch, you tap the button to lock, or hold it in to power on and power off.  When you are powering off, it just doesn't turn off like some people have said.  The device asks you if you would like to shut down.  Just simply hit cancel if you don't want to shut it down.  The power button is not a problem at all.  Its so small I don't know how people hit it by accident, but big deal if you do hit it.  Just hit cancel when it asks you if you want to shut it down.THE TOUCH SENSITIVITYI think the touch is just as good as apples products.  In using my friends Kindle Fire I noticed it was exactly like my iPod Touch.  I've read some comments that you have to have skinny fingers to use the device and that you're doomed if you have fat fingers.  I have very fat fingers and it worked great for me.  With the pinch-to-zoom technoloy, I made sure the webpage was totally zoomed out to make the text as small as possible.  It never once opened something inaccurately.  Everything I touched, it was right on the dot.  So don't let people scare you about having fat fingers.  I was very impressed with it.LOADING SPEEDWhen opening up videos on webpages, on Amazon Prime video on demand, and on sites like youtube, the buffering rate was very impressive.  The speed of the videos were super fast.  The speed of loading websites was very fast too.  There is nothing slow about this device.One big hint I'm throwing out there that I think all the people that had bad reviews for this product should know, is that there is a little settings icon up in the top right hand corner of the screen beside the battery icon.  If you tap it, every option you can think of to customize your Kindle Fire is there at your finger tips.  From Amazon user accounts to add with passwords, to security features, to volume, to web options and history.  Everything everyone said this product wouldn't do, couldn't do, is there.The Kindle Fire is a great product.  I'll definitely be a satisfied customer when I get mine for Christmas.  Anyone who wants one or is thinking about it, I think you should try it out.  It truly is a fun little device.  From the newsstand, to books, movies, tv shows, music, games, and all the apps, it truly has everything.  Except for a camera.  But I'm not worried about a camera on it, I have a digital camera.  No big deal.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "A truthful review of the Amazon Kindle Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1323993600, "reviewTime": "12 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A25QB5I73F2BXN", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 24], "reviewText": "Background:I own a Kindle2, iPhone, Mac computer, and a PC.  My husband purchased the Kindle Fire for me as a Christmas present.  What we wanted was a simple device where I could a) read books, b) check email, c) check social networking sites, d) run a few small apps.  I did not need a device to play music or videos.  I do not read magazines or newspapers.  I am not looking for a tablet computer.The Kindle Fire gets one star. Why?1) the power button is in a horrible place2) many (MOST) of my previous books did not transfer to the Kindle Fire and were not readable3) public library books were not readable due to DRM issues4) the 'ultra fast' web browsing is an utter joke!I contacted Amazon customer support.  They stated, \"...library books were not made available by the publishers for the kindle fire.\"Oh really?  That would have been nice to know BEFORE I purchased this eReader.Titles I had previously downloaded had the same DRM issues.Even books that I downloaded directly from AMAZON'S website.Additionally, these same books WILL work on my existing Kindle2, my Mac, my iPhone and my PC.So what is the point of owning a Kindle Fire????The graphics on the Fire were really nice.  The size and weight were decent as well.  I wanted to love this, especially concerning the price.  But, if I can't read the books I already own, or books that I'd like to check out from the public library, then that defeats the purpose of owning a Kindle.  FAIL on Amazon's part with this version.  Perhaps they will learn from customers and do better on the next version.UPDATE - UPDATE - UPDATE (original review was only one star, but the next generation Kindle gets five stars!)We now have a new Kindle Fire that we actually won as a promotional item in a contest. It is a newer generation of the Kindle product and we LOVE it. The new features where you can set parental settings are AWESOME!  I can download apps, books, movies and all sorts of content for my six-year old under her own profile. Then, I can download different content for my eight-year old to enjoy.THANK YOU, Amazon, for fixing the issues from the past.  I can access ALL my books now.My ipad is still a little faster than the Kindle fire...but for the price, kindle fire is totally a worthwhile investment!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "REVIEW UPDATE MARCH 2014", "unixReviewTime": 1322179200, "reviewTime": "11 25, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A279GKFM5YT1SF", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "brewerC", "helpful": [19, 24], "reviewText": "I bought my Fire last week. I love it. I'm an Android fan which means I can unlock it and personalize it.(sorry Amazon I'm about to unleash the fury with your device something you didn't expect) I love the price and the build quality is outstanding. I feel I could throw this device at something it will take it well. Gorilla glass is great I have an Android phone with Gorilla glass and it is strong. Me personally I have all the stuff these babies are crying about. I got the fastest phone on the market and a kickass Laptop PC. My Fire is my mobile device that I use for when I want a bigger screen than my phone and a smaller screen than my 17.3 inch Laptop. My phone is a hotspot surfering the web is no issue. I feel as though Amazon played themselves by charging just $199. All total I will probably just spend only $400 on this device. That includes the device, taxes, warranty plan, buy back plan at best buy, 20 or 50 GB cloud and Amazon Prime. Thats outstanding. You would pay the same price for an Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.0 plus before taxes. It is a great steal so all you losers who cry about it you are silly. I believe this device blows the iPad2 out the water. Who cares about a weak 5 mega-pixel camera? My phone has a 8 mega-pixel camera with 1080p camcorder on it. This is the best device for a person who has a smartphone and a kickass PC. This device is highly versatile and it is a beast. I took it out the other day and got mad people interested in it. It is easy to hold. I admit I am a 6ft tall 240lb muscular guy it feels like a cellphone in my hands. I think it would perfect for men and women. It fits in my jacket pockets perfectly. Ladies it will fit into your purses with ease. The web browser is outstanding. The video quality is the best I have seen yet. I love this device I was interested in it back in Sept. Purchased on Dec. 6th and I love it you should buy one. Don't be a slave to Apple. Keep it on the the low there is a free download to upload your iTunes content on your Fire. Amazon is amazing.I wanted to add more to my review. People cry about surfing the web on this device. Its your internet people. Its a wi-fi device you got garbage internet. I hotspot my LG G2X on T-Mobile's 4G network and I have no problem. I have AT&T; home internet and have no problem. You all need to step your game up and get better internet providers. You all sound so dumb crying about the web browsing being slow when its your internet or cheap routers.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Amazon Fire hot nay sayers shut your pie holes", "unixReviewTime": 1323475200, "reviewTime": "12 10, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2D1GUWLPCZXX", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 24], "reviewText": "Kindle Fire wanted it. Had it. And just could not figure why no  3g . All of the better so called kindles have 3G, BUT WHY NOT THE FIRE. I WOULD EVEN PAY A LITTLE MORE FOR THE Amazon use of products. Also reading in sun lite with Fire is somewhat harder.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "NO 3G", "unixReviewTime": 1335916800, "reviewTime": "05 2, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A2E2J61MNCCJNC", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 24], "reviewText": "Even with the \"prime membership\" you can only get one free book a month-this is pretty cheap. Two a month seems reasonable for most people who read. Also once you start watching a movie/video it shouldn't expire. Paid $ for a movie and guess what-life got in the way and I didn't finish it so it disappeared. At least on Itunes when you rent a movie you have 30 days to watch it and the price is the same...you also don't have to rely on wireless. OVERALL I GIVE THE MEMBERSHIP A \"C\" RATING AND WON'T JOIN UNTIL IT IMPROVES. BTW most of your free stuff sucks.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "one book seriously?", "unixReviewTime": 1321920000, "reviewTime": "11 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2M12XPV4TC5VL", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 24], "reviewText": "I was all set to purchase my new kindle fire. I purchased and applied $200 worth of gift cards to my account,which already had about $5 in it. I tried to purchase it and was told I had to give more financial information(for a prepaid gift card balance?)I called customer service and was put on hold for a very long time ,twice!. I was then told I could not purchase my new kindle fire because with the sales tax I didn't have enough in my account. When I asked the reason for sales tax,as I don't remember paying it on my other numeourse purchases from Amazon .I was told it was because the was a \"physical presesnce\"in my state.OK... it is Amazon here, the biggest online shopping company in the country. As far as I know there are no Amazon stores I can go shopping to in Iowa. I told the customer service person I would have to wait until I could get anoth $25 card. In the meantime I read a few more reviews,and decided to check out an ipod touch. It was $10 less and had more features,and I have a kindle to read on.So I purchased it and guess what!!There was no sales tax on it? Customer service just lost a kindle fire sale from a very loyal kindle user.Maybe they need to get better customer service people??Who knows how many sales they are loosing because they think amazon has a physical presence in Iowa!", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "sales tax?", "unixReviewTime": 1322352000, "reviewTime": "11 27, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2P5JUT839G6GE", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 24], "reviewText": "can't rate product you haven't been able to acquire!Product may be fine IF they ever ship it - ordered 11/28-promises but no product & no offers of any discount for lack of service-been on phone for 2 hours with them today", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Amazon Service", "unixReviewTime": 1323216000, "reviewTime": "12 7, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2V39BD3KYYYAD", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 24], "reviewText": "Went to Staples to try out the Kindle Fire and compare it to similar tablets. I was particularly interested in web browsing. All the other tablets actually let me try out the device -- unfortunately, not the Fire. Instead it was stuck in demo mode, forcing me to look at some magazine with blurry text. Couldn't do anything else.What a disappointment.I'm not going to buy the Fire until I can actually try it! Lose the crappy demo mode.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Worthless demo mode", "unixReviewTime": 1324944000, "reviewTime": "12 27, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3392R480DKMXM", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 24], "reviewText": "I bought the kindle fire as a cheap alternative to the iPad. There is no comparison. So far I am happy with the basics - ebook reading, gaming. However, there are a number of downsides that i'm not happy about, which i won't enumerate because below is a review that says it all! I would have given it 2 stars, but i'm enjoying it so far, although i wish i could edit documents on it.Also the wifi doesn't pick up well in weak areas, so unfortunately i'm stuck with going to a public area where there is strong wifi. so no movies and some games for me. and i'm limited to how much music or docs i can keep on the kindle itself.and #1 bad: I HATE the One-Click thing! so here it is...The following review is from Cnet reviews websitesit is confirmed that when Kinde Fire's Silk internet browser is pointed at the Android market, it reverts to the Amazon market - they only want you to get apps from Amazon store. Other \"nice\" features of Kindle Fire include:- It runs hot;- The stereo speakers are both on top of the device, which means that when watching movies they are both on the same side, turning them into mono sound;- Slower and jerkier than expected web browsing thus no benefit from Silk;- Just 6.5Gb storage free at startup;- Prime movies can't be downloaded, only streamed, making them impossible to watch without Wi-Fi;- many defective units being reported;- The home page carousel shows everything you ever bought and every site you visited, with no way to delete items, which means compromising items you bought or sites you visited can't be removed. There goes your privacy;- Touchscreen being reported as having a sluggish response, lack of physical back button and virtual back button being sluggish and not always at the same place;- Power cord is too short to be able to use device at the same time as it charges;- Power button is badly placed, leading to accidental turning off of the device (a lot of complains about this one);- Wi-Fi connection problems are being frequently reported;- Does not support proxy servers, making it difficult to connect to the internet outside the home environment;- Does not support ad-hoc connections so you can't use the 3G connection from your phone with tethering.The most serious one turns out to be that the Kindle is activated to allow for 1-Click shopping through the account connected to the device, and such behavior cannot be turned off. Additionally the device asks for no confirmation password before validating the purchase, which means that if anyone gets hold of the device, he can purchase things at will.Take a look at Nook Tablet has been getting rave pro reviews on the web and it is the best device in it's class. It's got Netflix, Hulu, Pandora, Angry Brids, etc., the best battery life, the best screen, double the RAM and space for apps/photoes/movies, microSD slot and a microphone for Skype (not on Kindle), physical volume controls on the side (not on Kindle) and much zippier performance during video playback and apps usage than choppy/laggy act of Kindle Fire according to many user and pro's reviews.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Shoppers Beware! Downside of Kindle Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1322092800, "reviewTime": "11 24, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A36NFAAY84DEV8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 24], "reviewText": "System Requirements: None, because it's wireless and doesn't require a computer.This is not true!  The Fire doesn't have 3G and you must either connect to a Wi-Fi hotspot or connect to a computer to get to the Cloud.  I am beyond disappointed to find this out after ordering this for my father who is mostly home bound and does not have internet or computer.  It worked like a dream when I was at home using my Wi-Fi connection but when taking it on the go soon proved it is worthless without Wi-Fi available.  You can only access the things you have downloaded to the device, cannot get to the Cloud at all.  So basically to use the Cloud you have to have a computer.  What a huge disappointment.  I really hope others see this review to know the real deal on how the Fire works.  I love my Kindle Keyboard; this was my 3rd Kindle buy so it pains me to leave this bad review.  I just wish someone else would have written one for me to read before I purchased the Fire as a solution to computer free access to the web.  Now I begin the process of sending it back after disappointing my father with the news.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Don't Believe IT!", "unixReviewTime": 1334102400, "reviewTime": "04 11, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A37INWH0R43L5R", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 24], "reviewText": "I anticipated the Fire since I love my Kindle, but I couldn't connect to my pc network like I can with the Kindle and found few, if any, start up hints easily.  Nothing in  writing in the packaging.  I returned it within days  and purchased an iPad which I had been reluctant to do.  I was really disappointed for the 1st time ever in an Amazon purchase.  As a North Westerner, I try to support NW businesses.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "returned it!", "unixReviewTime": 1324512000, "reviewTime": "12 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3FVQCS5Q09W9N", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "3dogs1cat \"3dogs1cat\"", "helpful": [21, 24], "reviewText": "First and foremost, Amazon could have charged a lot more for this INCREDIBLE piece of technology. I own an iPad and the Kindle Fire could be the baby version to the iPad. Visually the screen is so clear and crisp. There are many features to discover. When your 1st start it up Amazon will download the latest software and then install the software. It takes about 5 minutes. You will go thru the process of setting up the time zone etc. It instantly recognized my router. I typed in the pass word and I was online. It took about 30 seconds. I downloaded the Netflix app. OMG, the movies look and sound great. The volume is not as loud as an iPad but it is sufficient. The free Prime membership movies look great! All of my books were already downloaded. There are many different fonts and viewing methods for reading a book. At the top of the home screen press the \"sun looking\" icon --- this is where you control volume,brightness, turning on wi-fi, sync and more. I only played with it for 15 minutes and currently it is charging. On the home screen is the word \"Docs\" go there and there is the guide to use the KF. From fresh start up until it downloads a website---- it's about 30 seconds.  If you can afford  $200 BUY IT!!!!!!!! As I stated in the beginning Amazon could have charged much more. I think APPLE SHOULD BE SCARED --- this is NOT an iPad killer but it comes real close.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "KINDLE FIRE ROCKS", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3N8RWW3N2LCZB", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 24], "reviewText": "I was excited to get the fire because of the size, color screen and the ability for my daughter to watch movies as well as her favorite TV shows.  I had been told by AZ reps that it had text to speech and I could read my newspapers as well.  I have a kindle dx and love it. I opened the box with anticipation and set it up.  No 3g only wifi, darn. great Res on the screen but with no 3g a problem outside of wifi zones. can't get my AZ newspapers and speakers aren't loud enough.IT IS BEING RETURNED", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Disappointed", "unixReviewTime": 1324598400, "reviewTime": "12 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3O2YS1Y0GNAFR", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [11, 24], "reviewText": "The Kindle Fire was my first e-reader. I pre-ordered it, eagerly anticipated its arrival, and was crushed when it became available to Best Buy shoppers before the people who'd pre-ordered received theirs. But when I finally got it in my hands (a day early even!), I was able to put that whole ordeal behind me.The first thing that I noticed when I DID get it in my hands was how heavy it was. Enough for me to say out loud, \"Wow! Heavy!\" No biggie, but it helps with my later Kindle/Nook comparison.I also ordered an anti-glare screen protector and the Marware leather case. Both at ridiculous prices and I take issue with the fact that the \"Kindle Store\" only offered a few options for accessories when there are so many other (cheaper) accessories available elsewhere on Amazon.Setup was easy. No issues there. Another thing that I take issue with, though, is the lack of in-depth instructions for the Kindle Fire. I like to learn about my electronics and I like manuals, and the full manual for the Fire is 23 pages long. Pretty skimpy in comparison to the 141-page user guide for the Nook Tablet.Another disappointment comes with the power adapter. First, you can't fold the prongs in. Second, the cable cannot be detached from the adapter and connected to a computer. This may be where we start taking the price of the Fire versus the price of the Tablet into account. I realize that this review is comparing apples to oranges in terms of price, but the fact that the Kindle Fire only came with a (bulky) power adapter started to cheapen the product for me. I started to get a \"you get what you pay for\" feel about the Fire instead of a \"this is a great deal\" feel about it. Although this factor didn't make me reconsider my purchase, it only added to my dismay once I got into the nuts and bolts of the device and found that I didn't like the Fire experience.THE ABSOLUTE MAIN THING THAT I HATE ABOUT THIS PRODUCT IS THAT THERE'S NO GOOD WAY TO STORE AND/OR ACCESS CONTENT!!! Sure, you can store content on the Fire and/or access content through the Amazon Cloud Drive, but both options are so limited that, to me, it renders the device useless (or, at least, not even worth the relatively cheap price of $199). First, the Fire has a paltry amount of on-board storage, so you're kind of forced to access your content through the Amazon Cloud Drive. Okay, fine. But how are you supposed to access the content on the Amazon Cloud Drive without a 3G option?!?!?! So far, I've been to the DMV, to a few doctor's appointments, to get my hair cut, etc., and I was not able to get a WiFi connection at any of these places. As I found myself beginning to obsess about how I was going to access my considerable media library, I came to the realization that the Fire -- the actual device -- may promise much but doesn't really have the specs to deliver.Other things that I didn't appreciate about the Fire:- the absurd power button that sticks out and is placed at the bottom of the device (the amount of times it would be powered on in my purse became a concern for me)- the keyboard which I didn't find particularly user-friendly for my relatively thick fingers- the menus split between the top and the bottom of the device (maybe if a manual helped me make sense of their placement, I wouldn't find myself looking all over for the right menus)- the home screen that you can't remove content from- the ridiculous 1-click shopping that you can't turn offI received the Fire on a Wednesday and by that Saturday was looking for an alternative device. I considered the Kindle Touch (which would step me down to a basic e-reader) or the Barnes & Noble Nook Tablet (which would step up my cash outlay). As I still wanted to try an all-in-one media option, I spent more time looking at the Tablet, and was much more pleased with its specs than I was with the Fire's. Yes, it would mean shelling out at least $50 extra (that's not including a microSD card for the expandable storage option that would be a requisite extra expense for me), but I'd rather spend $250-$300 on a product that's going to last me a while than spend $200 on a product that I can't wait to replace with its second-generation version.Some of the differences that mattered to me...- Storage: The KF has only 8GB of storage, compared to the whopping 16GB of storage on the NT. (The NT's storage is expandable to a maximum of 48GB by adding a 32GB microSD card. The KF's Cloud Drive costs $50 per year for that amount of storage). There are two things to consider when it comes to the storage question, though. First is that the actual amount of available storage on each device is less than the gross amount specified and second is that, out of the 16GB of storage on the NT, only 1GB of it can be used for non-BN content. (While this doesn't bother me at all because of the expansion option, I think that it's something worth mentioning anyway.)- Memory: The KF has 512MB, while the NT has 1GB. I can't say for sure that I noticed a difference in speed between the two devices, but if it matters when I load the NT's storage space up, then I appreciate having double the RAM.- Battery Life: The KF (8 hours) has a shorter battery life than the NT (11.5 hours).- Size/Weight: The KF (7.5\" x 4.7\" x 0.45\") is a little smaller than the NT (8.1\" x 5.0\" x 0.48\") and yet, unfortunately, still manages to weigh more. (KF is 14.6 ounces, NT is 14.1 ounces, and the difference CAN can be felt.)The thing that gave me pause when contemplating buying the NT, though, was the Amazon vs. B&N; environment. I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Amazon and wasn't sure how I'd feel about being locked into the B&N; experience. After a little bit of research, however, I found that I could easily turn my Nook into an Android tablet -- without rooting it / voiding the warranty -- and continue using Amazon apps. Oh my! The best of both worlds! That totally sold me on getting the Nook Tablet. (Note: Try liliputing for the Nook/Android solution or you can wait for the Nook2Android microSD card to come out of development.)Overall, I LOVE my Nook Tablet and have found that it's well worth the extra $50. I'd completely encourage anyone who's not totally happy with the Fire to consider going the route of the Tablet.***Oh, one last note: SquareTrade offers a 3-year warranty for the Tablet whereas only a 2-year warranty is available for the Fire. Also, if this is your first SquareTrade warranty, you can use the promo code INTRODUCTION to get almost $15 off. Pretty nice!", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Much happier with the Nook Tablet", "unixReviewTime": 1322784000, "reviewTime": "12 2, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3W32T9BM272EQ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 24], "reviewText": "Although not blazing, but rather annoyingly sluggish, Fire managed to burn 2 of my perfectly good hours. Fire keeps loosing (probably burning) connection to my Wi-Fi , and yet freezes all the time. It is absolutely incapable of installing the simplest Android application that all other tablets ( and i tried quite a few ) took only a few seconds to install. I am sure Amazon will eventually get it right. But, I cannot understand the reason why would Amazon rush this half baked technology to market. As such, this tablet should have been more appropriately named Ashes.As soon as my printer spits out UPS Ground return label, I am sending this dud back to its maker. I do not mind to be an early adapter, but I absolutely refuse to push this buggy Amazon shopping cart.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "No good!", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A5CDMTW6JKV5G", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Dr. Wilfredo M. Viray \"Wally\"", "helpful": [18, 24], "reviewText": "I bought this for my 10 year old for xmas but I cannot give it to him because there is a problem with the Kindle fire. Your kid will be able to buy any applications on the device from the Device App store without having to enter a username or password.  No restrictions at all. I was just chatting with Amazon support and they said they will take note of it and report it.I usually give a very detailed review, but I cannot go much further than this issue because it is very serious. This could potentially cost parents a lot of money. This is a very basic feature that any well made device should have by default. My device has the latest updated software as well, and the issue is still there.  I will update this review once Amazon sends a fix and I have tested it and it is indeed resolved.I see that people that leave negative reviews get very few helpful votes and lots of not helpful votes. If you leave a helpful vote, I will update this review when the issue is fixed. I have a PhD in Computer Science with 21 years of Computer Development and Design Experience and I know that this is a very easy fix. The problem was not the code, but the logic of the software.  It just needs to be escalated and addressed.****IMPORTANT UPDATE DEC 21,2011****I called Amazon Kindle support again and I spoke to a rep named Lyn and she said that the issue is NOT RESOLVED with the 6.2.1 patch release. She opened a Ticket for this issue. Keep reading this review for an update as to when they will have a resolution to this issue.****UPDATE January 6, 2012****Well, I got a reply from Megan from Amazon Support and her solution is to use Restrictions and turn off the wifi and use a prepaid debit card for payment.  Seriously? That is like saying the solution to a dirty shirt sleeve is to cut off the sleave. Fix the problem.I ended up buying another gift for my son. I am holding off giving this to him until the hotfix for this is released.I have been testing this device and I have to say that because of the price point, this is a reasonable purchase.  I would not compare this to the IPAD obviously since the IPAD is much more expensive, but the IPAD is generally better at functionality, application choice and stability.I will not let up on Amazon.  Once they resolve the Security issue, I will revise this review.*******UPDATE MAY 29,2012********Apparently a silent update has been applied to my Kindle Fire and now I noticed that it now has the standard security needed, similar to that of iTunes!!! Great job AMAZON for not letting this slide!  Now I can give my review.Pros:1.  PRICE - Because of its low price, I would have to say that it is excellent value for money.2.  VIDEO PLAYER - My kids and I watch Amazon Prime Videos on this all the time.  No need for me to buy another TV.3.  eReader - I love that it is integrated to the Amazon Newsstand and my books.4.  GAMES - Lots of Games, and they are just as cheap as iPhone games.5.  SHOPPING - Excellent for shopping using the Amazon app.Cons:1. Browser - It is a just a tad too slow.Conclusion:For the price, this cannot be beat.  I use this for all the good things above, and I have my iPod Touch for having in my pocket.  If you frequently use Amazon, then by all means purchase this!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Security Issue is resolved. Excellent bang for the buck.", "unixReviewTime": 1324425600, "reviewTime": "12 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A7X9EUA8HBL7E", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [12, 24], "reviewText": "What a disappointment. I returned it. I had a hard time navigating within a website I use daily (tapping the screen didn't activate the link over the spot I was tapping, but rather the link above it and below it). Document management is a pain in the neck. The Carousel is *really* annoying. Doesn't support Blue Tooth. Too easy to accidentally flip pages when reading a book. Apps I use on my iPhone aren't available for the Fire. The drip-drip-drip of one little thing after another.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Disappointing", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AFUVWA1XVMPBI", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 24], "reviewText": "Seriously people. Are you trying to write a freakin book with your reviews? Anyway, I really want the Kindle Fire.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Long reviews.", "unixReviewTime": 1322611200, "reviewTime": "11 30, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AIURN1XRU7V8O", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 24], "reviewText": "I am a hardcore researcher before buying things. I did the same with the Kindle Fire. When I read about their silk brower and how fast it was, I assumed this thing would work anywhere. Unfortnately it doesn't. WiFi only is garbage. I have to be near a WiFi hotspot to get on the internet. Right now I'm at work and my Galaxy tab is online and the Kindle Fire says \"No Internet\"All that I can do on my Galaxy Tab I can't do on the Fire.This baby is getting returned.My original Kindle could go to the Kindle store from anywhere and download books.The Fire can't. That to me is a giant step backwards.I have a feeling that in a couple of months we will see Amazon advertising a new Kindle Fire with 3/4G.Until then this one will get sent back and I'll continue using my Galaxy Tablet.Nice try Amazon.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Where is the internet?", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AJDDS080QA6P6", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [0, 24], "reviewText": "why make a device this nice, but no 3g? stupid! wi-fi is old and just plain lame. i was all set to click the buy button until i saw no 3g. no 3g, no buy. the end.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "no 3g, NO BUY!", "unixReviewTime": 1328486400, "reviewTime": "02 6, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "AQ72LCXFL5GYU", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 24], "reviewText": "I was waiting for two Kindle Fires.  They arrived and I opened them Christmas Eve to set them up.  Both apparently had the older version 6.0The fire doesn't come with the computer cord necessary to hook it up to your computer so I was unable to download the new version.I have no wifi with it and as such am now sitting Christmas Eve with a broken Fire to give my son.I hope the person who invented this dies a slow, painful death.This was my son's main gift due to its price.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Thanks for ruining Christmas, Amazon", "unixReviewTime": 1324684800, "reviewTime": "12 24, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AT6VEFTIU4G2W", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 24], "reviewText": "HAD my FIRST KINDLE FIRE FOR 2 WEEKS WHEN I BEGAN HAVING PROBLEMS CHARGING THE BATTERY, NOR COULD I EVEN READ ON ITWHILE IT WAS CONNECTED TO AN OUTLET.HAVE NOW HAD THE 2ND KINDLE FIRE AND AFTER 3 DAYS IT WON'T CHARGE OR LET ME READ WHILE PLUGGED IN. SPOKE WITH TECH WHO SAID A BATTERY PROBLEM AND I SHOULD EXCHANGE IT BUT I WILL PROBABLY GO WITH A NOOK", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "CHARGING PROBLEMS", "unixReviewTime": 1323216000, "reviewTime": "12 7, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AYVBEVOYIDR6T", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 24], "reviewText": "FIRST OFF - I WOULD GIVE THE KINDLE NO STARS IN MY REVIEW- BUT THE SYSTEM FORCES YOU TO RATE WITH A LEAST ONEI pre-ordered a Kindle Fire the first day it was available.-November 1th received an email asking to complete a survey  one were I could either open it right in front of a representative or go to a focus group and talk about what I liked about it in a couple of weeks-November 15th - email stating Your Kindle is on it way!-November 16th - email stating there was an unavoidable transit delay-November 17th - Received it_November 19th - opened the box, turned it on, and here's what I saw on the screen -Time zone verification -yep did that. Wi-fi in my house was recognized,and the Kindle was connected to it- yep did that. Software install started, progress bar showed completion - yep. Automatically restarted- still yep. Kindle Fire then has a quick start screen- that says Kindle Fire- yep. Ability of device to get past that screen and actually work?- NOPE!!!Device locked up, called customer service at 2:00 - was told to let it charge for a couple of hours- yep did that.Two hours later- same status LOCKED UP STILL. Called back- was disconnected on my wait for technical support (that was to presumably be told to hold down the start button and reboot it ---- though I had done this multiple times already (I guess you need a techie to tell you how to push the button).  Called back a third time (this call was 14 minutes between waiting and \"help\" time). The very polite technical support person (they always are aren't they)determined I needed to send it back - and get a new one shipped out to me right away.....so I decided to respond to the survey that was sent to me a week earlier- to express my frustration- oh that link - the survey?- said the survey was closed when I clicked on it. VERY FRUSTRATED, VERY VERY DISAPPOINTED, DUE TO ALL OF THE PRE-HYPE AND ALL OF THE BUILD-UP TOWARD GETTING THE KINDLE FIRE! WHAT AM I DOING AFTER WRITING THIS REVIEW? READING A BOOK ON MY TWO YEAR OLD - NADDA GLICH YET IPAD!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "KINDLE DEAD ON ARRIVAL", "unixReviewTime": 1321660800, "reviewTime": "11 19, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1447KC4TDOFFO", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 23], "reviewText": "I got one for X-mas and I find it totally baffling. It's a black box.  What is it? I can't tell what it does or why I would want one. Apparently it doesn't do anything at all until you sign up for some kind of expensive internet service. It's still sitting in the box it came in and I expect that's where it will stay.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Baffling", "unixReviewTime": 1330992000, "reviewTime": "03 6, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A18MXTIJ0LYCQD", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 23], "reviewText": "Always crashing, the brwoser totally sucks. When you push back it doesn't work and then it just crashes. When I want to use it at times I push the power button and it wont turn on for hours and it just randomly turns on and off! Hardly has any good apps on the amazon app store, they should of just made it off of the android appstore and it would be a lot better! Also no microphone?? WTF?!?!?", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "NOT SO HOT!!", "unixReviewTime": 1324512000, "reviewTime": "12 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1A4Y89JVUJPLI", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 23], "reviewText": "Thank you to all who posted about the MAJOR SECURITY HOLE in the KF.  As a victim of credit card fraud caused by Amazon's security breach a few years ago, I am dismayed that they have not learned.  I can only hope that THIS TIME THEY LEARN SOMETHING.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Burned Again", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1BLDH54RJ20K0", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 23], "reviewText": "It's truly beautiful, this Amazon object called a Kindle Fire-- and it is sitting unused on my desk awaiting a miracle. The miracle would be to understand yet more computerese.... There was missing information in the beckoning descriptive literature. Before deciding to take the holiday season at its face value and leap into the buying craze...it would have helped if I could have been prepared for the fact that I needed to buy something else before I could embrace its potential. That something was a component that was totally unknown to me: a wireless router! So I started reading about this unit and I made sure that it was compatible with MAC. I attempted to forage once more into the abyss of the dreaded language that has, for me, no references.I sent for something called a Trendnet (Wireless Router). I love how the cover on their booklet for 'little engineers' says \"Quick Installation Guide\"....After reading and rereading this very sleek booklet I think... that I need an additional something called a network cable. I could go on. I realize that I could be doing something more productive with my time... but I do so want to joint the myriad of 3 year olds whose brains are as yet uncluttered with what's for dinner.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Bate and Buy More Learning", "unixReviewTime": 1326499200, "reviewTime": "01 14, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A1DRV85CT4F7ZI", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 23], "reviewText": "I don't own this, but have played with it quite a bit at a few different stores (both stores have pretty fast wireless internet).I only targeted browsing the internet.  This thing is really sad.  Loading yahoo...you're gonna wait like you waited for a dial-up page.  Loading craigslist (a very simple site)...not good.  Loading google...it's okay, but then search for something, you'll wait like dial-up (again).I'm an Amazon junkie, but this thing certainly isn't a internet browser replacement.  If you want to read books or magazines in color, then go for it.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Wow, the browser and/or wireless and/or processor is REALLY slow.", "unixReviewTime": 1323302400, "reviewTime": "12 8, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1EEYV40DVFNVD", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 23], "reviewText": "I've been a long-time customer of Amazon and in addition to many other products, this is my 3rd Kindle purchase. It's also my last.  I fully expect that this will be my last purchase as well from Amazon.  Reason: When you put your name on a product, you are obligated to deliver what you say about your product.  If Amazon is going to hide behind the convenient argument that it was not expected to be competitive with any other product, then it should have spent the money advertising this. It would have saved me the aggreviation of finding this out.  E-mail and keyboard are essentially ineffective.  To some extent it's a reader of mail.  Highlighting text in books is a trial by ordeal.  Page stability during reading is a flight to fantasy.  By the way, it feels like its 3X heavier than the Kindle2. It looks like I'll go to my Kindle2 to complete my reading collection.  I'm off to buy an Ipad2...what choice does Amazon give me, directions to its website?", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Not worth $200", "unixReviewTime": 1322006400, "reviewTime": "11 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1EOSLUK105F4L", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 23], "reviewText": "The \"test\" you can take on e-reader-reviews.com to determine which device is best for you is a bunch of crap!  No matter how you answer the five questions, the \"right e-reader for you\" is always Amazon's Kindle Fire.  I was actually leaning toward purchasing the Kindle Fire, but after being suckered by that B.S. \"test\", I won't buy one just on the principle of not liking being made to feel like an idiot!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "E-Reader Test is Crap", "unixReviewTime": 1333497600, "reviewTime": "04 4, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A1I0MV8SWXSWDQ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 23], "reviewText": "I am among the very few who bought a Kindle Fire and decided to return it for a different tablet. The reasons why are: 1) Only 8GB's of storage, 2) Lack of a SD card slot and 3) Lack of a microphone. If the Fire had #2 then I would have kept it because the Fire is a really good tablet otherwise.Today, I was reading a book and the Fire was off by several pages of where I last set it down. That is the only Glitch I have had with it.The Cloud. I am not ready for this yet. I want options. Do not want to rely on a cloud service.I am going to get either the new Nook Tablet or the Samsung Tab 7.0Plus. Bottom line is I want my own storage options. I can run a Kindle app on both of these devices if I wish.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Sending Kindle Fire Back to Amazon", "unixReviewTime": 1321833600, "reviewTime": "11 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1LEZ2R6RERVAB", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [15, 23], "reviewText": "I love Apple iTunes and Amazon.com, I pretty much do all my shopping from one or the other.The Kindle Fire is a conduit to Amazon shopping. It makes accessing all my purchased content fast, secure, and easy.  Its internet features and app store are icing on the cake. The gizmo is weighty and I'm sure down the line the Fire 2 will be lighter, faster, and offer an X-Large model.Right now I feel a sense of deja'vu... As an iPad first generation owner I can say the Fire has all the makings in it for an awesome Fire 2 once they improve on all the first generation 'concerns.' I love having the latest gadget, but my guess is most of us will be buying / replacing the Fire gen 1 with the generation 2 model announced next spring or late summer...I think this is the start of a concurrent theme...  Apple started it and now all the companies are jumping in... early adaptors beware. Look at Apple, who isn't expecting to hear of the iPad 3 in the next few months? Or the iPad 2s ...But this is about the Fire and not future renditions. It's an awesome product if you have Amazon Prime. It might not be as good without Prime, but I think anyone getting one this Holiday Season will be very happy... Perhaps not as happy as if they were given an iPad 2, but that's not the point.If you want one, get it, for this price point you really can\"t go wrong.Ps. The Free App a day feature is pretty sweet too!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire is a great product.", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1S52PEIZS19M", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 23], "reviewText": "oh i was so upset it was my bday  a gift from hubby  had it one day terrible i have no other words to describe this things but let it burn. it keep freezing not connect to wifi,keep shut down on its own.yes the battery was fully charge on the indication(green light).oh yeah a funny thing happen when i brought my netbook and set it next to it.it pick up the wifi signal connected (my netbook don't have any modem or air card etc just wifi).. so i dis coved that my netbook was acting as a wifi amplifier to the darn thing.when i moved he netbook away it disconnect i repeat it did it again so i ask my hubby to check it out by him been in computer engineer he confirm thats exactly what it was doing.oh boy hhow did i go from a good product k3 to one that u just want to set it on fire- let it burn.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "kindle fire----let it burn", "unixReviewTime": 1321747200, "reviewTime": "11 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1SYG69MOPQY9R", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [9, 23], "reviewText": "Web access is non usable. Freezes up every 5 minutes of use. You are then locked out until you reboot the web connection (turn WiFi off and then on again, which is a 3 minute process). The keyboard is also miserable to use. Even though the keys are bigger than what you get on an iPhone, the accuracy is way off, such that every other word is typed incorrectly. I want to love it, buy I am starting to hate the Kindle Fire. The silk web browser is a joke. Whoever architected that one really blew it. By the way, I tried to submit this review through my Kindle Fire, but it locked up as I clicked the submit button, so I am now using my laptop to submit this review.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Terrible web access (locks up and freezes)", "unixReviewTime": 1321833600, "reviewTime": "11 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1X80BPI5N62E8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 23], "reviewText": "It comes with no instructions. Cant get a wifi connection so tried to register online. Can't find the damn serial number. I can connect to wifi wih my iPhone, computer, and ipad2 but not with this crappy fire. Very frustrating may return it. I am typing this with my iPad. At least that works. Whoever designed this Fire software setup is an idiot. What a waste of time.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Fire stinks", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A20QIA05EEX8ZI", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 23], "reviewText": "I purchased a refurbished fire. I also purchased an extended 2 year warranty thru amazon for the kindle fire. When I called and asked questions about the warranty which let me register my refurbished fire, I was told the warranty only covers NEW NOT REFURBISHED! When I asked how to purchase an extended warranty for my refurbished fire I was told that you CAN NOT get an extended warranty for these fires. Makes me wonder what is wrong with these Refurbished kindle fires that amazon won't offer an extended warranty on them???? BEWARE", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "BEWARE ON KINDLE FIRE REFURBISHED", "unixReviewTime": 1332979200, "reviewTime": "03 29, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A26KNKL3OJ1XRT", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 23], "reviewText": "I just bought this cute looking Kindle Fire. I reviewed both apple ipad2 and kindle fire. Let me tell you. I fell in love with this tablet. After I purchased it, I played with all the apps, movies, downloads, and more. It downloads faster than the ipad2. I compared both and the ipad has it's issues. I reviewed it at the store, within four to five minutes, the screen apps got stuck then it had to be rebooted. Serious issues. Kindle fire no issues. Downloads fast, apps don't get stuck and there's no rebooting necessary. My next project is to get all the accessories. Great little tablet LOVING IT!!!!!!!!!", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1322870400, "reviewTime": "12 3, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A27EFOM4ILL8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 23], "reviewText": "Yes the colors on the FIRE are great...but it is heavy and seems to be a game machine and not much more.  I do not want to read on it (I have another for that purpose).  I do have the much much smaller, and weight-less, reader Kindle (WHICH I LOVE!)...it is 3g and wifi, and that one goes everywhere with me. The week after I got it I went to Portugal for two weeks and got stateside newspapers every day...read constantly...all that without a problem; and I charged it once.  I also have the Kindle DX...larger, terrific...I use it for personal documents mostly, and proofreading; it connects to wifi without a problem.But this FIRE, with no 3G or 4G...it cannot seem to pick up the wifi in my house at all times.  In fact, it gets that connection rarely.  Okay, so I check the weather on it...and not much more.  I certainly don't want to read on it...and will try it out for receiving personal docs to proofrrad...but I have little hope that it will be of much use.  Hey, it's colorful.  So tell me, please, HOW DO YOU YOU ALL LIKE IT?Jane from Alexandria, VA", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire...um, not sold...and I have 2 other Kindles that are 5star. and it was just fine without a charge (and I got state-s", "unixReviewTime": 1322870400, "reviewTime": "12 3, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2BJ478D51I02E", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 23], "reviewText": "I was excited to receive my Kindle Fire - butI was surprised to discover that it did not have built in wi-fi.  Those of us who live in the country loved the kindle 3g with wifi because we had access that we could not ordinarily get.  I could not imagine that they would make another one without it!!  So upon receiving it I could do nothing with in - not even register it because of incapability to get wi-fi. But once I got to a place where I could use it - it is awesome and does everything it claims.  I just wish I could enjoy it at home as well!!!  Hopefully they will provide upgrades to it to include that!!", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Happy but a little disappointed", "unixReviewTime": 1322006400, "reviewTime": "11 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2FDGJMS8RMYQF", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 23], "reviewText": "Hate to start off a review with a disclaimer but seems fitting based on some of comments have seen. I am a huge Amazon fan. Have loved my Kindle 2, have read almost 200 books since I got it. Recently lost it (a whole story in itself) and decided to take plunge on the Kindle Fire. I also bought the I Phone 4 a few months ago. I own Apple stock but in no way affiliated with them. Okay thats taken care of.When I lost my Kindle I was deciding whether to buy Kindle Touch, Kindle Fire or Ipad. Been meaning to buy a tablet for a while, and like I mentioned above been a big Amazon fan. At same time in the back of my mind is a rule I try to follow- never buy the first release of any product. Has served me well over the years. Anyway I pushed those thoughts aside, read some of the initial reviews and ordered. Was going through Kindle withdrawal when my Fire arrived and felt like a kid of Xmas. As far as the process of registering it and linking it up with my existing account I have nothing but good things. Was very easy. I knew going in about 3G, had no issue with my wireless connection. The entire set up process took less then 30 minutes.I spent the next several hours exploring and buying (which is the point will get to shortly). Bought a few songs, a movie, uploaded existing music through Cloud Player. Surfed web, bought some apps. Found all of these experiences as less then thrilling. Felt like I was back in the 1990's. Counter intuitive in so many places, clunky and limited choices (apps). Looking up stuff on internet was especially maddening. Screen size seemed so small, even smaller then my Kindle 2 even though it is one inch bigger. Long pauses when I clicked on links. Issues with volume and settings button. Was just not fun. A chore to navigate.The next day I focused on reading. That has always been my main desire when comes to the Kindle. I figured if it \"read well\" anything extra was a bonus. Meaning I had lowered expectations around the rest of the Fire capabilities. As long as it read well could deal with some of the other stuff. I'll cut to the chase. Reading was a nightmare. Even though I researched it the glare was a killer. Just brutal. I actually ended up reading on my IPhone4 because I could not take it anymore. The choice of color is bizarre (if you really prefer black please let yourself be known). I have read on laptops and pcs using Kindle app so am not unfamiliar with reading on a different device but really it was brutal.In the end its a device which is mediocre in everything it does. And now lets get to the commercial part.While a 99%er a I strongly believe in free commerce. As others have pointed out the whole idea of Kindle Fire is transparent from day one. Its sole purpose- the reason for its existence- is for you to buy Amazon products. That is why the front end (the Fire itself) is so shabby. Its just a means to an ends. Which is really depressing in the end. Basic consumer behavior is people want to be inspired. And there is nothing inspiring about this product. Nothing at all. The purpose of this device is for you to tie you current and future spending to Amazon and not ask questions. To trust them.They have lost my trust. I am sending it back. Honestly I am shocked they would put this product out there at this time. As another reviewer mentioned I wanted to love it.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Disappointed", "unixReviewTime": 1321747200, "reviewTime": "11 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2HM9Z29808WK0", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 23], "reviewText": "I REALLY wanted the Kindle Fire to work.  I figured it would save me loads in magazine subscription fees, and I have a hard time getting books in English where I live.  I so wanted it to work, I bought it twice.  First one preordered from Amazon.com.  Second one bought at Walmart after the first one was shipped back due to problems.What worked?  the internet functions, such as Facebook and searching the web worked fine.What didn't work?  The function I bought it for, which was to be able to used the \"integrated platform\" to purchase and download ebooks and emagazines directly via wifi.  It either didn't connect (which I can't believe since it actually had no problem searching the web and doing Facebook) or was loaded with bugs.I could not even open the User's guide which was already downloaded!!  I could not download apps, I could not purchase or download books or magazines.  So what is the point of having it?  My iphone does facebook and email just fine, and also searches well.  My computer does everything else.Amazon put this ont he market obviously far before it was ready.  But they were smart enough to do quality control on the ones that went to reviewers, but not on the ones normal people get.I would definitely NOT buy this again.  Going to save for something that I know works.  An example of excellent marketing without the excellent engineering to back it up!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "A TOTAL Disappointment!", "unixReviewTime": 1322265600, "reviewTime": "11 26, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2IEFJMEJN8E3C", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 23], "reviewText": "I bought this at Wally World about a week ago and returned it the very next day, the screen is too bright even on the lowest setting, no volume rockers on the unit, no android market(just amazons version which sucks) just all around bad.  I bought the nook color and love it.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "COMPLETE JUNK", "unixReviewTime": 1323475200, "reviewTime": "12 10, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2L2QS883YVUNX", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 23], "reviewText": "Okay first I want to say we have only been using this for about a week and the device itself seems pretty cool, so I want to start off by saying my 1 star rating has nothing at this time to do with the kindle fire, it has to do with Amazon and how they manage multiple devices in one acct.Here is the summation, they don't manage, and they don't help you to manage.  My son has this Kindle Fire he is 16, my husband has a kindle keyboard, and my husband does not manage his kindle I do, as he knows nothing about using a computer period.  So when our son got his Kindle Fire I put his name on it under my acct. with my husbands kindle, I now had 2 devices on my acct. for 2 different owners in the same family on my acct.  Okay so I don't mean to drag this on but here is what is happening... Our son's kindle fire is showing on his main screen ALL my husbands books, there is no way to un-archive these according to Amazon and so the Kindle fire has to have all the books archived in it not matter what.  I wrote to Amazon twice now to ask them to help me get them off the kindle fire, and their answer was I need to set up an acct. for each device.  REALLY AMAZON???????????  I'm sorry but that just does not fly, with me, nor would I think it would fly for anyone else with family members that really don't need nor want more than one Amazon acct.  I'm really disappointed in Amazon's replies to me and suggest they get this fixed ASAP!  I will keep you all posted on this and would love for others that have run into this problem to post as well so MAYBE Amazon will sit up and take notice and fix this problem.  Thank you.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "AMAZON NEEDS TO FIX SOME HOLES!", "unixReviewTime": 1322352000, "reviewTime": "11 27, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2PGN0EEH98AZV", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 23], "reviewText": "I was incredibly disapointed by this - read the 1-star reviews - for the most part they talk about what's wrong with the is device. Don't buy it unless all you need is a cheap WiFi video player.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "What a terrible device.", "unixReviewTime": 1321920000, "reviewTime": "11 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2Q865NFKFPP7B", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 23], "reviewText": "No amount of hype will cover the fact that this Kindle is somewhat less than its predecessor.  I bought it at Best Buy.  All the clerks there knew about it is that all I had to do was contact Amazon and my books would be transferred.  They never said...because they never knew...that the Kindle Fire does not have 3G as the earlier model.  All it has is WIFI.  Well, that's great if you live in an Internet cafe, but not so good if you live elsewehere. Once we found out the truth about the Kindle Fire, we began asking questions as to how to get connected to WIFI.  One answer was that if our neighbor had WIFI we might be in a \"hotspot.\"  Isn't that great?  Instead, we are spending money to have a geek come over and install a WIFI modem on our computer and get our Kindle Fire in operation about a week after buying it.  Whatever its merits are, the Kindle Fire is nothing but a pain in the neck to get into operation.  How I long for my earlier Kindle.  Oh, yes, Amazon rushed the Kindle Fire onto store shelves without setting up 3G for it because they did not want to take the time to make it right. As you plunk down your money for a Kindle Fire be aware that you are part of a great marketing scheme that did not consider your needs.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Kindle Mis-Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1339632000, "reviewTime": "06 14, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A2QCGQVOSK1V1Y", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 23], "reviewText": "After my first power on, after taking it out of the box, it started automatic software update.  After the software update, the device was bricked.  Fire does not boot up again.  It remains stuck at the power up screen \"kindle fire\" forever. Multiple power cycles did not fix the problem.  Kindle tech support RMAed it.So far my impression with Kindle Fire is that it is a beta quality product.  Unlike Apple, Amazon seemed to have rushed to sell this device without fully QA testing and stablizing it.  My guess is that the flash memory got corrupted during the image update.  I hope I have better luck with the second kindle fire device.  Since it happend once, I'll always be anticipating when the new replaced kindle fire will stop working, especially after numerous software updates in the future.  Perhaps I'll just return the thing.This kindle fire was a birthday gift for my wife.  After finding out her gift is broken on arrival she was very disappointed. She told me I should have gotten her an Ipad 2.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Dead on arrival. RMAed it after my first power on.", "unixReviewTime": 1322611200, "reviewTime": "11 30, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2QS6874D47GVC", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 23], "reviewText": "USPS tracking is worthless, Only UPS tracking is any good. As of now I have no ideawhere my FIRE is or when it will be delivered.Finally got it. I love it! Except for phone and camera it's almost like a iPhone.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Love It", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2ZE23JR2H2PJ7", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 23], "reviewText": "If you are thinking of buying this for your kids as a cheaper version of the iPad, don't bother. There are BARELY any parent permissions and zero ways to restrict content or purchases.You can password protect the wifi. So you have to resign on every time you want to go online, it is a total PITA. Or there is (according to Amazon) a way to password protect against APP purchases, although I really looked and couldn't find it.But if your kid does get online, he or she can click and buy just about anything Amazon sells (except apps!)--books, toys, kitchen equipment, you name it. ALL WITHOUT A PASSWORD.AND--if you, the parent, happen to have your own kindle or kindle app on another device (such as iPad or iPhone), then your child can see and read all of your books as well, no matter how age-inappropriate the content.Similarly, if lost, the only thing standing between a thief and an Amazon smorgasbord of purchases on your credit card, is a four digit screen password (if you set it up) and the speed with which you contact Amazon to deregister the stolen device. Great.The Apple AppStore requires a password for every purchase and, yes, it is a pain sometimes but I don't mind because I know my info and money is safer that way. But Apple devices also have a HUGE advantage over this in their individual device customization and access restriction. I don't need to have all my 7yo son's games on my device, and he doesn't need to read \"50 Shades of Gray\".Sometimes you get what you pay for and this is one of those times. Kindle Fire has a LONG way to go if it intends to be the cheaper, smaller iPad. Right now, they're just cheaper--and not in a good way.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "USELESS FOR KIDS, GREAT FOR THIEVES!!", "unixReviewTime": 1334188800, "reviewTime": "04 12, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A3AB1A1KN6PVX8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 23], "reviewText": "I got the Fire as a gift. I am very technical have lots of devices.  I couldn't get the Fire to connect to my wifi. I've spent hours on the phone with Amazon who finally sent me to my ISP.  I knew that was silly, passing the buck but I tried it.  It turns out that this just won't work. If I thought that a new one would solve the problem, I'd ask for a replacement but I think  this product is not ready for prime-time. I wasted HOURS and HOURS of my valuable time today.  The Amazon tech staff don't read the thread of the chat, ask the same questions repeatedly when they must know the problem since there seem to be a lot of people with this problem.  I have an old Kindle and it is still working and is great. I'll stick with it until Amazon does it RIGHT.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Horrible Product", "unixReviewTime": 1324425600, "reviewTime": "12 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3AMDPOQ88JK7D", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [15, 23], "reviewText": "I'm a long time Amazon lover and think they really can do no wrong... until now.I knew what I was getting with the Fire - I didn't need it for more than what they were providing.  Yet it still didn't deliver.  I really tried and gave it a couple of weeks to play with and try to get used to, but just couldn't get passed the flaws.  Note that I do most of this on my phone and basically wanted a bigger screen.  The fact that my phone is better performing and easier to use is a testament to how Amazon missed the mark on this device.  It could have been so much more with a bit more thought and time put into it.  I also would have paid more if it would have fixed some of the flaws I list below.The browser although touted as being faster was slow and disappointing.  Websites had smaller font than normal, things were hard to read and the speed was ridiculously slow - slower than my 4g phone.  I was also disappointed that when I pinched to zoom, the text reflow didn't happen automatically like it does on my phone and I had to figure out that by double tapping it would do it.  Why?  It should be done automatically - such a hassle and one of the first things I noticed.  It makes my phone so much more usable.Wifi should be much quicker than this.  The Wifi also seemed to have problems and couldn't connect half the time or froze up.  I have many devices and have never had a problem with any other Wifi connecting or staying connected to my device.  This was such a frustration as I was trying to buy items or get recipes that should have taken mere minutes and yet 30 minutes later I was still struggling.  That really was the last straw and when I decided to return the device.Another disappointment is the navigation.  I liked the menus and favorites on the home page.  To me this made sense.  What didn't make sense though is that once you'd selected a menu you had to go back home to go to a different menu instead of having the selections always available.  There are many times that I'm reading or playing a game and want to do something else such as playing music or looking something up on the web.  Instead of making this easy where I can select from what I'm doing, I have to go back home and select the appropriate menu.  This was a huge oversight.  Amazon's designs and usability are usually spot on and I feel that they didn't really test this with users.  The bottom menu and touchscreen options are not obvious and so selections that should have been easy to get to were hard to find and frustrating.The app store is really pathetic.  They are missing many great apps and the inability to use Google's App store would be fine if they had suitable offerings.  This is a big drawback, especially since I have apps that I have paid for in the Google Apps store and couldn't use them on my device.  They really need to beef things up and provide ways for people to get the apps they use and like.The touchscreen was unresponsive often and I find that I have to select items or menus multiple times for it to take.  Again, my phone is much more responsive and I don't have any issues with the touch controls.  I would have paid more to have this perform better.  This is a core part of the device - it needs to be rock solid.  Amazon limited the functionality I thought to get all of these details right which they usually do.  This is why I feel so let down and really am sad to be sending this back.Love the size of the device, but the weight was a problem for reading.  Needs to be a bit lighter to use for any length while holding.The one thing that did seem to be thought through was the amazon app.  I found it very easy to use and was great.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Very Disappointed", "unixReviewTime": 1322352000, "reviewTime": "11 27, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3HIAV1RBLIZRH", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 23], "reviewText": "This will be short...I really want to like it but my initial take on it is that its rushed.Most of the apps that work on my phones and ipads do not install on here.Cant group items,they are all in a row.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Meh...", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3I1W3FD5CFHTM", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 23], "reviewText": "I was very excited when the Fire was launched. I immediately ordered one on September 28th and received the Fire on November 18th. Here is my 2 cents.1: The touch screen is not responsive. I often have to wait a while for the screen to accept my commands.2: I could not watch my movies (DRM removed) on the Fire. The Fire would not see my movies at all. I was finally able to use ES Explorer and watch the movies, but upon deleting the movie the Fire would not \"see\" the freed up space. Hence I was not able to add more movies. I had to reset the fire to factory settings and the same problem persisted.3: The fire is slow, painfully slow. For $199, I do not think it deserves the time and energy it requires.4: Zinio is still not available, although one can side-load it. The fact however, is that it requires extra steps.5: Charge me more $$, but please make this device usable and friendly  out of the box.I will wait out for the next release, or buy one of the \"other\" products. Do yourself a favor and do not buy, just yet.I have returned mine back to Amazon as of today.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Full of Flaws", "unixReviewTime": 1322870400, "reviewTime": "12 3, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3IXBW1U2SMK0Q", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 23], "reviewText": "I was attracted by the silk browsing technology amazon advised and wanted to give this device a try. Although I already have an ipad which pretty much does everything a kindle fire does.Huge disappointed about the device as I firstly discover there's no decent mail app on the device.When you get a mobile device or a tablet over 4 inches' large, you certainly expect checking mail on it. Ipad doesn't have a very nice mail app in built as well (can't browse sub folders in the mail account), but this device has the worst mail app I've experienced ever. In fact there's no built in mail app at all. You have to pay for it from app store and none of them seems worth a try.The silk browsing technology? Sounds pretty cook, but I haven't felt any difference compared with my ipad.The screen is just a little bit small for everything, includes the amazon instant video, which I think might be the only advantage for this device.These won't lead to a 1 star comment so far. What kills this device is it easily turns to dead... After I've unboxed it and play like an hour. It's dead while I plug it into my win8 laptop's usb hub to try if i can transfer file from the laptop. The device reboot itself automatically and... dead.As well as my expectation to this device.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "return the same day i got it", "unixReviewTime": 1332979200, "reviewTime": "03 29, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A3OZ7RXT1XGZR9", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "freeismylife", "helpful": [21, 23], "reviewText": "Over the last 1 1/2 years, I have had the opportunity to review lots of tech products on my blog. So of course, I had to do a review of the newest technology gadget for the 2011 Holiday Shopping season: The Amazon Kindle Fire.I have wanted a Kindle for sometime now because I enjoy reading Kindle books and wanted to read them on a bigger screen than on my smartphone.  So when the Amazon Kindle Fire debuted at the unbelievable price of only $199, I was as excited as everyone else about the possibility of not only getting a great eReader, but also playing games and movies on Amazon's first tablet version of the Kindle.I have been using my Kindle Fire now for a few weeks to find out both the good and the not so good.  So, here is a list of the things that I love about the Kindle Fire and the things that Amazon should improve on to make the Kindle Fire an even better product.Here's 5 of my favorite things...1. The Size (Perfect!)The Kindle Fire weights 14.6 oz and it just a pleasure to hold and carry in my purse. I have been reading most of my Kindle book collection on my HTC Thunderbolt's 4.3\" screen, so it is a real pleasure to now read my eBooks on a 7\" inch screen. At 7.5\" x 4.7\" x 0.45\" , the Kindle Fire is the size of most paperback books. While the Kindle Fire is heavier than the typical Kindle, the weight is not a burden. I have reviewed other 7\" tablets (Samsung Galaxy Tab, HTC Flyer) and they just don't give me that feeling like I am holding a book. Amazon hit it out of the park on the size and weight of the Kindle Fire.2. Sideloading (My Fire now reads Nook, eReader, and Kobo ebooks)Amazon left the door open to allow you to install apps that are not available in the Amazon Android App Store. Through a process called \"Sideloading\", you install a sideloading app like GetJar and then use it to install Android applications. You can also use the browser to go to websites (like ereader.com) to download Android apps.I have been able to sideload the Nook reader app, the eReader.com app, and the Kobo reader app. So now I can read any of these eBook formats on my Kindle Fire. There is no need for me to buy a Nook reader and a Kobo reader since you can have them all on the Kindle Fire. Sweet!  I was also able to sideload the Comcast Xfinity Email app so that I can check my Comcast email.3. Magazines (Wonderful!)Amazon has optimized certain magazines to run on the Kindle Fire and is giving everyone that buys the Kindle Fire two months of FREE subscriptions to these magazines. I downloaded both Glamour and Conde Nast Traveler and they were both a pleasure to read on the Kindle Fire. The content magazine pages are optimized for the best reading experience through scrolling bars (both up and down and left and right). This optimization means your eyes never have to read small fonts and you get all the content without widening and minimizing the content on the screen.  Totally awesome!4. The priceAmazon really knew how to get cheap frugal people like me interested in buying the Kindle Fire.  At $199, it is $50 cheaper than the B&N; Nook Tablet and only about $30 more expensive than the other popular Kindle eReaders.  And for only $199, you get a color eReader that is also an android tablet that you can use to play games, watch movies, and check email.5. One FREE Month of Amazon PrimeWhen you activate your new Kindle Fire, Amazon automatically gives you a FREE month of Amazon Prime. This $78 a year service gives you access to hundreds of movies and TV shows for FREE.  Amazon just announced yesterday an extended licensing agreement with Twentieth Century Fox Television Distribution that will bring the popular FOX and FX television shows, Glee and Sons of Anarchy, to Amazon's Prime Instant Video service.And 5 things that Amazon needs to change...1. The Volume Button (Where is it?)There is only one button on the Kindle Fire and that is to turn the device on and off. I just did not believe at first that the Kindle Fire, which is being billed as an entertainment tablet, did not have a volume button.So how does one adjust the sound? When playing MP3's on the device or in the Amazon cloud or watching content from the Amazon Video on Demand store, you touch the screen and a volume slider will appear. But that only happens with Amazon content. When I watch a Netflix movie, there is no way to adjust the volume on the Kindle Fire. So even though Netflix has partnered with Amazon to have it's app be part of the Amazon Android store, you still cannot adjust the sound of the movie with the app.2. The On/Off Button (Why is it on the bottom?)Amazon put the on/off button on the bottom of the unit. So if you sit your Kindle Fire in your lap to read it like you would normally sit a book, you will more times than not accidentally turn your Kindle Fire off. The only way around this is the turn the Kindle Fire upside down (the screen will adjust) for reading.3. Google is a bad word (Bring back Gmail!)The Kindle Fire will not play any Google Android apps. That means no Gmail, Google+, Google Docs. Nothing. And on top of that, the Kindle Fire browser will not let you go to the Google Android Market Place. Now I have been critical of Apple being proprietary in the past, but Apple has nothing on Amazon in turns of locking down a device in this way.Even if you sideload Google apps on the device (which I did), they will not play because Amazon will not allow you to enter a Google Account id. Word to Amazon - Lighten Up. Even Apple allows the Windows OS to be installed on their Mac Books. The only way to get to Google functionality on the Kindle Fire is to navigate via the browser to the mobile versions of the websites for Gmail and other apps. It may not look as pretty but it works.4. Local Newspapers (No Detroit News - yet!)I have wanted to buy a Kindle for a while now because there is one thing that I cannot do with the Kindle app for smartphones and tablets - subscribe to magazines and newspapers. So imagine how surprised I was to find out that I still could not read the Detroit News and Free Press on my new Kindle Fire.It turns out not every subscription publication has been optimized to run on the new Kindle Fire. Some of the big newspapers have been optimized for the Fire, but the list is small. So reading any of my local newspapers is not currently an option.5. No Bluetooth (My wireless headphones are useless)Seeing that this is a tablet that retails for under $200, I was not expecting a whole lot. I knew it did not have any cameras (I would not have used them anyway) nor USB port. I also understood the device only has 8GB of memory - I'm fine with it since I can push my old content to the cloud. But how does an entertainment tablet not have bluetooth so I can use my wireless headphones while watching Amazon On Demand Movies? I actually had to go borrow my son's wired headphones. Amazon, you should really fix this.The Fire is a great Amazon Content tabletAfter having reviewed tablets in the $500 range, I found the Amazon Kindle Fire is a great eReader and a very basic Android tablet that is worth its $199. It is reported that Amazon is actually losing $6 on each Kindle Fire that is sold so the price is more than fair for what you are getting, but don't except a full functioning android tablet.If you are looking for a tablet to give your kids that is reasonably priced and will encourage them to read more ebooks, the Amazon Kindle Fire is perfect.If you read lots of eBooks and want a basic tablet for buying Amazon content, watching Amazon movies and TV shows, playing MP3's you buy from Amazon and reading email, this is a perfect tablet for you.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "5 Things I love about the Amazon Kindle Fire (and 5 things that Amazon should improve)", "unixReviewTime": 1323475200, "reviewTime": "12 10, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3PG5R5GJ4O4GG", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 23], "reviewText": "When i ordered my Kindle Fire, I had 4 purposes in mind:1) Let me interact with my Google 'cloud' stuff: Google Docs, Google Gmail, Google Tasks, Google Chrome Bookmarks,and, to a lesser extent, Google Maps.2) Let my kids play games and use eduTainment apps3) Be an e-reader for magazines, books, and my technical reference documents in PDF form.4) Be a Windows Remote Desktop Client (RDP) in emergencies. (much like my iPhone is, but with double the screen size)Well, number one is a complete failure unless I 'root' the Kindle Fire. What's up Jeff Bezos? Do those Google apps break your business model? I don't see how. Heck, I would have paid extra for those capabilities.Did Amazon advertise/promote this device as an Android/Google device? No. But Amazon should have stated this limitation in their pre-release F.A.Q.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "No Google Apps on a Google Android Device? What?", "unixReviewTime": 1321920000, "reviewTime": "11 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3QEQ3Q4KNG5S1", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Ullas Bhai \"Novo Reveuaxeur\"", "helpful": [21, 23], "reviewText": "Oh goodness, read so many reviews about the fire and was so confused with people pointing out flaws in this cute bookish tablet.......So before you go any further into the review let me tell you a little bit about myself. I am a decent professional, who is NOT a techno guru or geek (which will be clear reading this review lacking in technical details), I am a big web browsing freak, but I do most of my official work in the office & NOT at home, and browsing at home/on a tablet is what I essentially do for fun, and Reading: Im NOT a book worm, (for heaven's sake this is not a derogatory term), and don't spend hours reading books,  but am an avid reader of the books/subjects I like(which does not happen that frequently), and usually read 1-2 books a month, or less, depending on my schedule and work-hours. I do read books usually at bedtime, and again I don't spend many hours each day in reading, as there are a ton of other things to do..I just acquired a Fire after a lot of debate, dilemma & confused orange clouding in my brain about getting a Kindle + a Tablet, vs. The FireFirst of all few things need to be made clear. The Fire is not for you if......1) If you are a big reader, and if that's the primary focus, you would not be reading this review, as you need a device for reading, and are not worried about web-browsing that much. Also the Fire is not an alternative to the e-ink screen, and is definitely glossier than a book page. The fact of the matter is if you are reading these big discussions (including this never ending blabber of a review) a part of your mind wants a browsing tablet also.2) If you are an \"apple\"oholic, as this machine is not an alternative for an i-pad or for that matter an i-phone. No matter how many words have been attributed for this (un)clash between the i-pad and Kindle. If you are an apple fan and end up buying this, you are actually asking for disappointment. The Panache, the styling, the responsiveness of the screen, and the intuitiveness of use.....it costs some money guys, Im sure we all know that $500 is 150 % more than $200.  There is an Indian saying that \"the pudding will be only as sweet as the amount of sugar you add to it...\"3) If you like to do a lot of official work, at home on your bed or your couch...So who should buy this.....? I would say that's an average person like, me, who does not have too many expectations, and knows the amount of money he is spending, and what he can hope to get1) If you occasionally read books and enjoy them2) If you have 2 or more computers in the house, and the idea of getting another tablet, is like adding another device, and shedding some dollars from your pocket3) But you like to browse, YouTube, face book, or check e-mail while getting ready to sleep, and chitchatting with your husband/wife/friend4) Always wanted to have the convenience of having a kindle or at least owning it (even if is for the societal pressure of \"you still read paper books.....arrrrrgh\") and fitting into the technology world.5) You will not spend a sleepless night, if the tablet did not respond to your first touch.6) You do not already own 3 kinds of e-readers, and 4 kinds of tablets (this is a weird  example of course, but I hope it conveys the point)Pros:1) Very good looking2) Great multimedia capabilities3) Excellent display ( not too bright not too dull)4) Combines the benefits of both an e-reader and  tabletCons:1) It's a bit heavy(lighter than most tablets and i-pad though) for an e-reader2) The power button at the bottom, is a nuisance, and gets tuned on and off as it scratches on my tummy (that's how I like to read and browse, while I am lying on the bed), but I found a way to deal with this, I turn my kindle upside down, but I think Amazon needs to work on this on a pronto basis3) Screen is not the most responsive in the world, but I can live with that4) Most resources are limited to Amazon (the reason for the 200$ price tag)Summary: This is an excellent piece of equipment that gives you the conveniences of having a kindle, and the tablet style web-browsing, at a very very affordable price. With 200 dollars spent, you just CANNOT go wrong. I spent about 7 days reading all that people had to say, but after having it I'm sure, this serves my purpose of reading and my craving for the occasional bedroom browsing. If you do not own a tablet before, you CANNOT go wrong with 200$", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Bang for the BUCK......You just cannot go wrong with this.", "unixReviewTime": 1322006400, "reviewTime": "11 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3VKXGICGO1LAR", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Turin \"Turambar\"", "helpful": [20, 23], "reviewText": "I really enjoy my regular Kindle as a format for reading books and to an extent newspapers. And the integration with the Kindle for PC to grab my highlights quickly and drop them into a Word doc is a great way to integrate reading and research into producing output.The weakness of the e-ink kindles is in handling pdf's and web site content. So I was interesting in test driving a Fire to see how much better it is able to cope better with those formats.First off- newspapers. Disappointment there as my Times of London subscription didnt download to the Fire automatically and it wasnt in the bookshelf. Looking into it I see that the Times isnt available for the Fire; and in fact that seems to be the status, at least currently for a number of papers such as the WSJ. I'd imagine this will change in the future but at launch its NYT, USA Today, Post and a much thinner collection than the regular Kindle.I did download the Economist to see how it look on the Fire and the color and clarity of the text is good. It would be a very good magazine reading experience and convenient on the go. However if you can selected highlight text, export it or tweet it like you can on a regular Kindle, I couldnt figure it out. Disappointing, as one of the main things to do with magazines is save of a tidbit of knowledge so you can find it later.For e-books I tried two samples- a Cisco router config guide that was about 600 pages in color, and a scanned version of \"A Ride to Khiva\" by Fred Burnaby from 1877. There are a large number of interesting books that exist only in scanned form or in such a error filled OCR mobi conversion that reading them on e-ink is a major pain, so being able to read them on the Fire would be a positive boon.The kindle automatically opened the cisco document in the Kindle for Fire app and legibility was excellent including on the drawn images and photos. Navigation is done by sliding the pages across or by the progress slider. Major bummer in that the Kindle app is much less full featured than Kindle for PC- you cant highlight or export sections. Major downside for technical reading.I then downloaded and tried the Adobe Reader app, MobilePDF viewer and the Documents to Go (free) pdf viewer from the Amazon App store. Checking googles android store there appear to be a lot more pdf viewers out there but they are not available for Fire. Going through the cisco pdf was most comfortable on the adobe app, although the markup ability was still limited. Mobilepdf required hitting tiny arrow keys to turn pages- ugh quite a comedown after the paddles on a e-ink kindle. Legibility was good on both. The PDF to Go app required purchasing the full app to open such a large document.On \"A Ride to Khiva\" it was a mixed bag. The Adobe app posts an \"out of memory\" message and exits. MobilePDF is unable to render any page content. PDF to Go Free version is unable to do anything but tell you to buy a full version. The Kindle reading app just renders the pages as smears. There is a \"read online\" version available through archive.org and that did render legibly and was useable through the Silk browser although the paging controls are a pain.The other thing I'd like to use the Fire for is browsing the web when I am out at a cafe and taking notes. Obviously the lack of a bluetooth keyboard is a major bummer there, HOWEVER I notice that in hardware reviews elsewhere (theverge.com)that there actually is a bluetooth chip in the Fire, which lends me sufficient hope that it will be eventually turned on, either officially or unofficially.Last note is that the Fire would be a good gift device for a non-tech savvy relative. The out of the box is as easy as pie and there is no computer required so its perfectly plausible that someone with no wifi could stop by the library or McDonalds, get the download of the daily paper or books you lend them, check their email and be off.I am keeping my Fire although for the things that this review is centered on its a 3-star experience. Since most of my gripes are software based I hope that things will improve to a better experience- at the very least newspaper availability should. If you are reading this in 2012 you may want to check for what pdf apps are now available in the apps store and if keyboard support has now been hacked in.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Reviewing as a PDF reader", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3VRBNXNCRSLLQ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 23], "reviewText": "I bought the fire because I travel and I wanted a media player.  Problem is I cant purchase or view any content while outside of the US, nor can I even download content I own from the cloud....  should have gone with an iPad.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "your cloud wont travel with you?", "unixReviewTime": 1322697600, "reviewTime": "12 1, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ABT4EX71BOKGP", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 23], "reviewText": "I was so excited to get this for my husband for Christmas. He is a wildland fire fighter and to lighten his load, I thought this would be a great all in one item. Until I realized it didn't have a camera. As a \"newbe\" to tablets I thought every tablet had one.I quess I didn't read close enough.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Where is the camera????", "unixReviewTime": 1323302400, "reviewTime": "12 8, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AKIXR6KQAL2W2", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 23], "reviewText": "Sorry amazon I am returnimg mine. I you descriptions of \"Silk\" and the speed were to much I bought it. It is slow the screen hangs or catches as you finger flick through it could not get rid of sites or apps after looking at them. Also my wife reads on her kindleized phone by the hour daily and it to heavy. speakers are on one end so tyour hand is over them while watching a show. (stereo does not work if on one side) on off button is on bottom and you hit constantly, when holding in lap. lots of hype poor design. silk is slow and my 3G phone is faster. when on 4G it buries the Fire.  Sorry, but now I can tell people how good your return policy is.Kindle Fire, Full Color 7\" Multi-touch Display, Wi-Fi", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "heavy and klunky", "unixReviewTime": 1322092800, "reviewTime": "11 24, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "APUQW0PNP6ILL", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [11, 23], "reviewText": "Kindle Fire, Full Color 7\" Multi-touch Display, Wi-FiThis is my 1st Amazon review (and possibly my 1st review anywhere)I purchased the Kindle Fire the day it was announced. I already have an iPad but I like Amazon's eco-system. Sadly my Kindle did not arrive until the day after I left for an extended trip to NYC. While n NYC I decided to buy a Kindle as a gift for a child that loved playing with my iPad. The Kindle was of course cheaper but also smaller and Android based both of which made sense to me.After giving him the Kindle I logged it into my account so he quickly begin discovering and playing with it - which he seemed to love except for a couple of fairly popular games seemed unavailable such as `unblock me' which I know has been available in the android market for years.The real trouble started when we decided to set it up for him. We associated it with the family Amazon account and quickly discovered there was nothing to stop him from purchasing anything he wanted with his parent's credit card - it never asked for a password or pin and there are no settings to make it do so. Oddly somebody must have thought must a little about this because the only purchase you can password protect is `in app' purchases. In other words you can purchase all the books, songs, movies, and apps you like - you just can't make purchases in the apps themselves if you choose to password protect them  (not set by default).  I shutter to think what would happen to your credit card if you accidently left it on the subway or bus.  I will defiantly be password protecting the lock screen on my Kindle if I decide to keep it.So I tried setting up another account just for the Kindle but with no credit card, which works ... sort of .... You just can't add ANY content - not even the free apps! Not one to give up - I bought a $5 Amazon gift card to fund the account but still could not buy even free apps without a credit card. No credit card basically turns it a web browser.So about 6 hours into the insanity and getting ready to head back home I decide to call Amazon. I talked to somebody polite and trying to be helpful but difficulty in communicating because his heavy accident and the fact I seem to know more about the Kindle than he did only annoyed me further.  He wanted me to buy content from the web and transfer it via USB cable. I explained to him that content was protected and would only work if the Kindle was associated with the same account that made the purchases and to make the purchases a credit card was required. I briefly tried to explain DRM (Digital Right Management) but quickly gave up. He said he would check into it and email me. Soon after I received a pointless email about using the Kindle with USB.In the end his parents and I sprung for an iPad. We couldn't just give untethered access to credit cards and we couldn't just take it away. The whole thing is pretty annoying and a little embarrassing. I'm a computer consultant so people tend to ask for my advice on these sort of things and I've have recommended the Kindle Fire as a low cost alternative to the iPad and I still will but only for adult or kids allowed to spend on credit with out limits. I'm sure that Amazon will fix this over time but I felt gift givers needed to know the current difficulties.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Great but not a good gift for kids", "unixReviewTime": 1322697600, "reviewTime": "12 1, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AR0792BJU7LZ5", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 23], "reviewText": "Not thrilled with it at all.  In fact considering giving it to my son since it is almost useless to me.  I cannot really tend to my FB account, cannot share anything with it.  I cannot read my email becasue the print is lilliputian.  The app store actually has apps you cannot use on the Fire.  What's that all about?  If you add an app you do not like you cannot remove it.  According to their feedback team they have not perfected that yet.  How hard is it to place a remove button on an app?  I should have gotten the iPad, at least I could see the screen and access most things from anywhere.  Now I have to be where there is a WIFI connection, which is not in a whole lot of places.  I bought it for more than magazines and books but it seems that is the only thing it can handle well.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "It's OK if you wear a magnifying glass", "unixReviewTime": 1322179200, "reviewTime": "11 25, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ARONA56G03Q0F", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [15, 23], "reviewText": "We bought the kindle fire for our 10 year old daughter. My wife and I both have iPads and our daughter has had an iPod touch for a year or so. She's been reading more books on her iTouch lately and we thought it would be a nice gift for her to get a larger, more functional e-reader. We didn't want to spend $600 on an iPad so we thought the Fire would be a great alternative. We'd get a good size device with a nice full color display. I wasn't expecting an iPad, but after spending some time with it to get the Fire set up for her, I was VERY disappointed to learn that Amazon didn't build any parental controls into the device. Don't get me wrong, I love Amazon, we buys tons of stuff through our prime membership, but this is a major flaw with the Fire (in my opinion). With our Apple products we've always been able to go on her device and set up parental controls to turn off the web browser, deactivate YouTube, etc. I just assumed we'd be able to do the same thing on the kindle. But you can't. I'm sure there are lots of parents out there looking to buy  this for their pre-teen children and so I just want to give them a heads up that the Fire doesn't have any parental controls. That means you won't be able to deactivate the web browser, you won't be able to deactivate (or set rating limits) on the online TV and movie viewing library - all shows and movies of ANY rating will be available for them to download, and there are several third party web links (news and entertainment sites) that come pre-loaded on the device that I can't get rid of. Our daughter only really wants to use it for reading, but it makes me VERY uncomfortable not being able to block or deactivate content that isn't age-appropriate. The Fire is a cool little device, but I wish I knew before I bought it that it doesn't have any parental controls. Parents beware.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Parents beware", "unixReviewTime": 1323561600, "reviewTime": "12 11, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AT52AGA7NOOIE", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 23], "reviewText": "The Kindle Fire has been an extreme disappointment. Others have noted its many flaws, and all of these flaws are real and significant. But it's the browser that exhibits perhaps the most frustrating set of flaws. Just to site one such problem- the 'back' button is completely disfunctional. More often than not several touches on the button are required to get the browser to actually respond. Here we're not talking about the user missing his mark when trying to touch the button. A highlight around the button acknowledges one's touch each time, but nevertheless the browser does nothing in response. I've tossed the Kindle Fire aside now and am back to using my Android phone for browsing when needed.Don't buy a Kindle Fire unless at some point in the future Amazon updates the software and you begin to see reviews indicating that it works well. Presently it is a paper weight.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Not at all ready for prime time", "unixReviewTime": 1324425600, "reviewTime": "12 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AV4CG4KUYCG3C", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [9, 23], "reviewText": "After much research, we were excited to buy the fire (over and above all the other tablets) for my special needs sister. We had plans to load it full of fun games, music, books and movies. We needed to then establish a password so that she could not purchase more apps or make in app purchases without authorization as she has no concept of money and could ring up a hefty bill. (Just as kids could).THERE IS NO WAY TO DO THIS. What an oversight, Amazon!!!!!! Returning it and buying a Nook color instead.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "So disappointed!!!", "unixReviewTime": 1323129600, "reviewTime": "12 6, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AW4GC20Q3F1ZA", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "K. Rule", "helpful": [21, 23], "reviewText": "I've spent several hours with my new Fire and I'm fairly impressed with it. It's simple to setup. It just works like you'd (mostly) expect.It's definitely not an iPad - but I wasn't expecting it to be so that doesn't bother me a bit.The integration with the Amazon Cloud is pretty darn good. Things general work like you'd expect without a bunch of tweaking and fussing. Kudos to Amazon for that.I think most of the reviews I read covered the good things about the Fire. So, I will mention some of the quirky behavior that I noticed:1) The battery life is probably smidge more than half of the 7.5-8 hours Amazon quoted after I charged it. I suspect the number Amazon speced doesn't consider using Wi-Fi for downloading or streaming during the time that it quotes.2) UI inconsistency between the Kindle UI and some of the UI's the Apps. I especially had issues with the Comixs app and how it doesn't zoom like anything else - you have to tap panels. It also seems hard to get the Fire's attention at times when trying to close an App.3) The Amazon cloud access to docs is non-existent. Everything else in the Amazon cloud seems to work well, but I had a bunch of PDF files in the doc section of the cloud, and was not able to access it from my Fire. I had to connect the Fire to my PC and then transfer them manually. After having done that, the Fire renders them well, but this inability to access docs from the cloud is strange at best.4) A limited email client. It's not well integrated. It's missing key features. This seems out of character with the rest of the Fire experience.5) No calendar. I realize this is primarily an ebook reader, but jeez, this is core (phone, tablet, & computer) functionality.6) No Google integration. I realize Amazon is pushing their cloud, but this is an Android device after all.To be fair, these are minor quibbles with what's otherwise an extremely good value. I hope Amazon will resolve some of these issues because it will make a very good e-reader tablet even better.I think there is a good chance I will be buying a couple more Fires as Christmas gifts, so I definitely would recommend it to others.Update [11/21/2011]I've noticed some incompatibility with my old Kindle. Specifically I have a year or so of back issues of Reader's Digest are not loadable on my Kindle Fire.To get Reader's Digest to work you must get the Reader's Digest App and then purchase a subscription through the app. Though the app is nice, the subscription through the App is double the monthly amount of the old Reader's digest versions. In addition, Amazon won't let me move my back issues to the Kindle Fire. This makes me an unhappy camper.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Decent for what it does - but not 100% compatible with the old Kindle", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A18EFJ56FILV8L", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [10, 22], "reviewText": "I just bought the kindle fire and everything is good how it looks the hardware the ONLY problem is that you cant get apps if you live outside US that sucks so is a waste of Money if you want it in Latin america for example. Please Amazon Fix that soon is just stupid you can get apps from your market. very disapointed. it would be the perfect tablet if it hast that issue...", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Bad Choice  outside us", "unixReviewTime": 1322092800, "reviewTime": "11 24, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1FRSC37Q8LCU9", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 22], "reviewText": "I could go on and on but I would just be echoing all of the comments made in the other less than stellar reviews. It's a clunky, half baked device and mine is going back to Amazon. I really had high hopes for it too but its a total disappointment. :(", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Exactly what all of the other poor reviews say....", "unixReviewTime": 1322006400, "reviewTime": "11 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1GWX3CNPWOPKF", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 22], "reviewText": "All very well if you live in the US. What about us devoted Kindle users in Australia!How long are we going to have to wait?Please let us know.If we do not have full access to the Kindle Fire's resources, then maybe we should return the device and go to a tablet that is more welcoming!But we do need to know in good time, please.Martin Wilson", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Sad Aussie", "unixReviewTime": 1322524800, "reviewTime": "11 29, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1MNGXGQHSMZDB", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 22], "reviewText": "Beware...if you are outside of the USA this product does not work!! You can not download movies either renting, buying or using prime (even if they  have accepted and taken your money to be a prime member).I have not tried music yet but frankly I do not have much hope!!!Guys fix this problem because you certainly can download internationally on an IPad!Frustrated user!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Kindle is Crap", "unixReviewTime": 1325116800, "reviewTime": "12 29, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1MYYSZ8ULVE2X", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 22], "reviewText": "Wi-Fi guest access password entry viewing area is hidden when unit is in horizontal position - password entry keyboard is too small when unit is in vertical position.  Although this unit indicates that it is connected to a Wi-Fi network, I am unable to log on to amazon.com or any other site.  The sad fact is that I bought a wireless router, expecially for accessing the internet on the Kindle Fire.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "awful", "unixReviewTime": 1323302400, "reviewTime": "12 8, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A208GNSGN4FJ7J", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Juanita J. Smith", "helpful": [19, 22], "reviewText": "I am taking the time to review the new Kindle Fire hoping that other senior's will benefit from my review.  Like many seniors I started reading again after retirement.  I purchased the Kindle Keyboard a year ago and thoroughly enjoyed it.  However, the new Kindle Fire has it beat as a reader 10 times over.  The reason is the light background.  When most of us get older or eyesight changes and we seem to need more light to read.  You can adjust the brightness of the screen to suit your needs.  You will not need to have a side lamp to shine on this Kindle Fire.  The extra's that the Fire provides is only icing on the cake.  A lot of seniors are not into streaming movies, MP3's, IPAD's etc. and would possibly choose the older Kindle styles thinking that they do not need all this new modern technology.  I hope that senior's that are considering a kindle will give this new fire a try for its improved easy reading technology. And get brave and try out some of the new technology our grandchildren are into.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Top choice for seniors", "unixReviewTime": 1321660800, "reviewTime": "11 19, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A22CW0ZHY3NJH8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Noname", "helpful": [20, 22], "reviewText": "I own a Kindle 3G and a netbook.  My husband bought the Kindle Fire for me as an early Christmas gift.  He thought it would just be a novelty, since I do like reading on my Kindle.  I've spent more than a week playing with the Fire and here's how it stacks up.E-READERThe Fire is heavier than the Kindle 3G and I do feel it.  When reading for long periods of time, I need to prop the Fire, whereas the Kindle 3G can be held in just one hand.I thought swiping the screen to turn each page would be a minor inconvenience, but I found that the pages turn when I just hit the side of the screen, much like hitting the button on the Kindle 3G.  I just need to remember to keep the thumb off the screen until I need to turn.I was worried that staring at the bright screen would hurt my eyes, but I read a novel through a few days of heavy reading, and my eyes didn't hurt at all.  The only problem is the glare when I'm sitting in sunny areas of the house.  There's never any glare on the Kindle 3G.  On the other hand, I often read at night, and it's hard to do on the Kindle 3G, even with a book light.  I now prefer the Fire for reading at night.  The screen brightness can be adjusted for intensity.Children's books look beautiful on the Fire.  I haveThe Complete Adventures of Curious George, Anniversary Editionand it reads so much better on the Fire than the Kindle 3G.  The illustrations are in full color and are beautiful.I love the bookmark function.  It's much easier to use on the Fire than the Kindle 3G.  Plus, when I want to flip through the pages, I can just swipe.  That's nicer than searching or punching in a location number or pressing the back button.  Searching for a definition or a finding a word in another location in the book is also easier on the Fire.  I just touch the word and I'm there.  No need for the toggle.I noticed the Fire doesn't read the books out loud.  For those who like the Kindle to read their books for them, the Kindle 3G will read.  However, I never use that function.Sorting: What happened to sorting?  Kindle 3G has a sorting function.  Fire does not.  This can present a problem for some people.  I like to sort my books.  I hope Amazon will fix this.*For everyone who has problems accidentally hitting the off button while reading, do what I do and turn the Fire upside down.*  The accelerometer will flip the screen automatically and you will no longer have this problem.  I hope Amazon will put the button on top for the next model.TYPINGI don't like typing with either the Fire or Kindle 3G.  At first, I was cursing the Fire, because of the mistypes, but I got used to it and it's easier now.  Typing with either one is a chore.  If I need to do a lot of typing, I prefer to use my desktop or my netbook.MUSICI don't use my Fire much for music, but I have tried it and it's nice to have the music on while reading or other functions.  I can even turn the screen off and it still plays.MOVIESMovies stream well.  The movie ap lists all the free Prime movies right on top so I don't even have to search for them.  The resolution isn't great, but who needs great resolution on such a tiny screen?  This is good for the kids and when I'm bored.EMAILWonderful app that's easy to set up and go.  It's so nice to not have to go on the web to read my email.AMAZON AND THE WEBI like the shopping app.  Amazon has my likes and dislikes pinned down.  Web surfing is fun, the screen looks great; but not all functions work on the Fire (I can't get the Black Friday deals to scroll either direction) the screen's touch sensitivity is sporadic.  Sometimes, barely a swipe will send me to a page I don't want to be on and sometimes, I tap, tap, tap, push until it finally clicks and goes.Pages load relatively quickly.  I think it's about as fast as my netbook.  I don't think wow when it's loading, but I'm not moaning and groaning from boredom, either.WI-FI VS. 3GThis difference is obvious.  I would really like to have this Fire have 3G functionality.  I was stuck without Wi-Fi over the past week and couldn't download any new books.  So sad.  I do hope the next version of Fire will include 3G.BATTERY LIFEBattery life is not as long as the Kindle 3G (which can last me a week with the 3G turned off), but I can read the Fire all day before it needs charging.  I mean literally all day, so it's not really a problem.  I consider the battery life to be very good.PROS:+ easier to read in the dark than the Kindle 3G+ great for illustrated children's books+ easier to flip through pages for quick scanning+ easier to search for definitions and word locations+ listen to music as you perform other tasks+ easy to find free Prime movies - streams well+ email function easy to set up and use+ uses Wi-Fi+ good battery lifeCONS:- heavier than the Kindle 3G- screen glare- does not read the books out loud- no book sorting function- typing is a chore- screen's touch sensitivity -- sometimes too sensitive, sometimes not sensitive enough- not all web functions work on the Fire- no 3GCONCLUSIONOverall, I've very happy with the Kindle Fire.  It will replace my netbook for short excursions from the home and my Kindle 3G for reading at night.  For my heavy daytime reading, I will still read the Kindle 3G.  For my heavy typing, I will use my netbook or desktop.______________________UPDATE September 15, 2012: I've had plenty of time to play with my Kindle Fire.  It's been wonderful.  The screen's touch sensitivity has improved since I first got it.  I find myself using it more than the Kindle 3G, especially since putting a matte screen protector on it.  The weight isn't too much of a problem.  I often have it resting on a stand while I read and I use a stylus to prevent my thumbs from hurting.  Believe it or not, the page turning action was causing repetitive motion problems -- I read that much.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Compared to Kindle 3G", "unixReviewTime": 1322352000, "reviewTime": "11 27, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A24R5MFY8FVMLN", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [9, 22], "reviewText": "Truly a disappointment. Also forces you to have four really annoying apps taking up nearly half the real estate of the first screen. Also can't default to the screen you want. Lots of extra navigation needed. So disappointing that it wasn't well thought through from the user's perspective. How can it not have text to speech? And how can it not lt you sort and categorize your books? Just doesn't make a bit of sense.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "ALERT -- Doesn't have text to speech or book folders/sorting", "unixReviewTime": 1322784000, "reviewTime": "12 2, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A278ED9HL1JDIJ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 22], "reviewText": "Just got this thing and it is junk!!!! Everything you need to read is on the net. No reak trouble shooting tips on the unit. Mine will not connect to my WiFi. All my other devices work on it just fine (WiFi). No phone support.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Junk", "unixReviewTime": 1323302400, "reviewTime": "12 8, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2AWVLN7SFQJVR", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 22], "reviewText": "A product discriminatory if you use outside the U.S., you can not download any application, video, music, etc.. by Geo policy, That only understands amazon.The Kindle Fire does not cover my expectations, the graphical interface is not intuitive. often very difficult for a new user. and everything is based around the app and digital products from Amazon.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Discriminatory product by Geographical Policy !!!", "unixReviewTime": 1324512000, "reviewTime": "12 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2ILUDTVCA5U7E", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 22], "reviewText": "Dont waste your time on this piece of junk. Did I say piece?...I meant the whole  junk!!!I bought this from amazon. But I forgot,never buy any first generation anything.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "dont buy this!", "unixReviewTime": 1332028800, "reviewTime": "03 18, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A2OY6V9YIDO5PV", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 22], "reviewText": "I ordered a Kindle Fire as a splurge birthday present to myself on Feb 13th.  I was told it would arrive on the 16th, which would have been perfect since that was my birthday. Well, it NEVER SHOWED UP, it was never shipped!  I got an e-mail saying there was a \"delay\".  I contacted them on the 16th, and was told that it was now shipping.  Well, it did NOT!  I was then told it would arrive for sure on the 23rd.  I got another e-mail today, saying that it is STILL DELAYED, but no explaination to WHY!  If you click \"order now\" it says it will arrive by the 24th!  They have given me some \"promotional credits\", but still no explaination as to WHY there is such a delay!  When and if I ever get it, I will write a review!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "would review if I could get it DELIVERED!!!", "unixReviewTime": 1329782400, "reviewTime": "02 21, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A2PMCI4ZIMER5M", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 22], "reviewText": "I just purchased this cable so I could down load pictures and other things fom my computer, but when I tried it kept asking me to insert or install a program in order for this to work for my Kindle Fire.Did I purchase the incorrect cable?I really need this to down load various things to my Fire Kindle.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "AmazonBasics USB Cable", "unixReviewTime": 1322870400, "reviewTime": "12 3, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2QP87UTBM6B2J", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 22], "reviewText": "I'm providing a 1 star review of this product, not based on its performance, but based on the packaging that Amazon has chosen to use for this product.  Unlike any other item ordered from Amazon, which typically arrives in non-descript packaging with only the word 'Amazon' on the side.  The Kindle fire arrived in a box, shaped like the product and has the \"KindleFire\" branding all over it (please note:  the product arrived like this despite ording the item as a gift & checking the box which designated the purchase as so).  As you can imagine, this presents a problem when you've ordered this product as a gift and it's received by the intended future recipient.  What's the point of having a `gift' option for this item, if the box it arrives in blatantly tells anyone what's inside?  Boo Amazon. Boo.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Poor Packaging", "unixReviewTime": 1324252800, "reviewTime": "12 19, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2WOVYFGXW8ODW", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 22], "reviewText": "I don't really know what these things are supposed to do, but I read about them on my iPad.  I think they're books.  I heard they are good but I likely won't be purchasing one since I have an iPad...unless I take a trip to Prague, then it may come in handy.  But I don't see that happening this week, at least not with the pending robot war.  I went back and read some more things on my iPad and I discovered even more helpful reviews for this product.  I would probably buy one based on the reviews I have found on my iPad even if I am not planning a trip to Prague.  I wish I had the money to buy one but I spent all of my money on my iPad a McRib Sandwich, and plastic vampire teeth.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "KINDLE FIRE RULES!!!", "unixReviewTime": 1323993600, "reviewTime": "12 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A30PAD5MFN3L9D", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Charles S. Goddard Jr.", "helpful": [21, 22], "reviewText": "I don't typically write reviews on items I purchase, but I feel strongly enough about this one that I will. Short story, I got a Nook Tablet and was disappointed, then reluctantly got a Kindle Fire and was thoroughly impressed. I returned the Nook Tablet, something anybody can do for (I believe) 14 days after they purchase a Nook Tablet.Read on for details of why I switched.My story is that I had been looking into a small tablet since these items were announced, wasn't interested in the 7 inch Galaxy Tab or other small tablets. Spec-wise and price-wise I immediately figured the Nook Tablet would be a better option than and perform better than the Kindle Fire. Some online reviews seemed to verify that. Went into Barnes and Noble and bought it. I was immediately unimpressed. The options for content were VERY limited. B&N; may have more digital books, but they have less of what everyone (particularly me) wants to read for older books. The video button just directed me to Hulu Plus and Netflix which are an extra fee of course if you don't already pay for those services. The expansion possibilities were a big draw for me, but accessing content on the MicroSD card on the Nook Tablet was cumbersome and almost useless, not integrating well at all with the interface for video and music. You basically had to go into an ugly file explorer to get to your content from my experience. The Nook Tablet has a very small app library for download, and almost no free apps at all if you're looking for a fun free experience. Not even Angry Birds was free in an ad-supported form. Books and music were also prohibitively expensive if saving money was your purpose in only paying 250 dollars for a tablet.I've been a Kindle Keyboard user for some time, but in my search for a small tablet I was impressed by the extra RAM on the Nook Tablet and went for it. I found it to be a universally horrible device for consuming content which is the entire point of these mini-tablets.Disappointed, but willing to give what I viewed as the inferior Kindle Fire a try, I picked one up and was immediately impressed. Both devices are snappy, but the content availability on the Fire is stupendous. It's easy to put files on the Fire or upload them to the Amazon Cloud and get to them on the fire. Video plays great and the free trial of Amazon Prime puts literally entire runs of shows at your fingertips including a favorite of mine Doctor Who. It has good battery life, the interface to access your content isn't as horrible as Barnes and Noble's attempt and if you consume any kind of content from Amazon... books, DRM-less MP3s, video it is incredibly easy to either download or stream all of it even over slow wireless connections. There are plenty of free unobtrusively ad-supported apps, including Angry Birds and Fruit Ninja for those with a desire for free fun. Music can be had for sometimes as low as 4 dollars for an entire album! (More often 5 to 10 dollars but rarely higher) Video rentals often are competitive with Redbox in that most are 1 to 2 dollars for a 48 hour rental. Using Amazon Prime's free streaming though you might not need to pay to watch movies or TV shows for the free months you get with purchase.Comixology, the comic book reader app, runs fantastic on the Kindle Fire. The app offers DC, Marvel, Image and other comic book publisher, so don't worry about missing stuff. I did not try it on the Nook Tablet, but on the Kindle Fire the lines are crisp, the options great (if a little pricey) and the reading is as good as it can get on a 7 inch screen from my experience.Get this device. Hardware wise it feels much sturdier than the Nook Tablet, if not quite as sturdy as the Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.0+. It is thicker, but in my hands this makes it easier to hold. It fit into the normal pocket on my cargo pants one day when I was out and about, so its got the small form factor going for it.I know the review was rambling and probably sometimes incoherent, but hopefully you can tell how much more impressed I was with the Kindle Fire than the Nook Tablet and can understand why I kept one and not the other.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Bought Both Kindle Fire and Nook Tablet, Kept The Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1323043200, "reviewTime": "12 5, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A36IIXOXT3GDRK", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 22], "reviewText": "UPDATED REVIEW: I was able to get my Kindle and I am very glad that I did. While I still have issues with the way that Amazon handled the issue, they did make attempts to resolve the poor service and this is appreciated.Now I'd like to give my impressions of the device. Overall I really enjoy the Fire. I have access to a large collection of music and books. So far the Fire has operated flawlessly. I really enjoy Pandora music and the app for this works very well on the fire. This is my first eReader and find it very easy to read. The size is perfect for my needs.While I'm very happy with the device, I feel that is based in my expectations. I never expected this to be a full fledged tablet PC. I really see this more as a companion device to mobile entertainment devices.I would also say that if web browsing is what you intend to spend most of your time on, this may not be the device for you. The text on a lot of the pages is really small and I've not been able to find a way to zoom in so far. Also, not all videos will play. This may be a user issue but the solution is not intuitive.______________________________________________________________________________________________________________Please note this is NOT a review of the product itself but of the customer service obtained in trying to order the product.I ordered the Kindle Fire around 1pm on Nov. 23rd from the Amazon website. I needed the device to arrive before Monday 28th so paid for the next-day shipping. Now I understand that the 24th was a holiday but the notice on the order was that it would arrive by Friday the 25th. While the UPS website indicated that the package had arrived in my city on the 25th, it would not be delivered until the 28th.I contacted Amazon support to see if anything could be done. The representative kept apologizing for the inconvenience and then offered to transfer me to the Kindle support team. That transfer never occurred and no representative ever called back. I then contacted Amazon support again. This time the representative continually read off the information from the UPS website. I informed him that I've already checked the website but requested that he contact UPS to see if I could pick up the order or have it delivered tomorrow (this is what the UPS representative recommended). He put me on hold. When he returned, he indicated that the package would not arrive until Monday by 3pm. This is exactly the information off the UPS website. I cancelled the order.I was going to make other arrangements to obtain a Kindle through Staples but if this is representative of the customer support I can expect to receive, what do I do when/if I have an issue with the device?", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Poor customer service (updated....12/11/2011)", "unixReviewTime": 1322179200, "reviewTime": "11 25, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3CLWNBM3LQW3X", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 22], "reviewText": "We won a Kindle at an event and my wife was quite pleased. This soon ended however, when we realized that despite having access to thousands of free ebooks, Kindle will not allow her to read ANY of them without registering her kindle, which of course requires she use a credit card. Imagine, you have an item, despite your owning it, you cannot actually use it until you give Amazon all your information. I myself have a Motorola pad, and do not have this issue. Perhaps Amazon doesn't care about customer service, but they do care about the bottom line. I will be advising friends NOT to get a Kindle.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Just because you own it, don't think you can use it.", "unixReviewTime": 1338249600, "reviewTime": "05 29, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A3D7HK8NXG9TEM", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 22], "reviewText": "Received my new Kindle Fire today.  It is beautiful to look at, but there is no instructions with it and I can't find anything on line or at Amazon on how to use it.  Everything I have tried does not work.  Perhaps I should put it on the shelf and wait a week until they get enough complaints for them to put something out that tells people how to get started.  It is good to know that there is a Manuel on the Kindle, but if you can't get to it, how can you read it.  Catch 22.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Disapointed and confused.", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3DSD2JQVGM85D", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 22], "reviewText": "Seriously.its ok but seriously...... IT DOESNT TAKE FREAKING PICTURES!!!!!!! I hate my kindle fire and not only for that reason.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "foto", "unixReviewTime": 1329091200, "reviewTime": "02 13, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A3DS8EUBNHMSFX", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 22], "reviewText": "Buyer Beware:I Purchased a Kindle Fire with much excitement.  It is very disappointing.  As a Kindle Keypad user, the 3G Kindle Keypad model is fabulous, but not so for the Kindle Fire - This model will NOT take the market and will eventually succumb to the iPAD. If I could rate it a \"0\" instead of \"1\", I would do so- Here is why:1 Touch screen is very erratic in use2 You will lose important subscriptions such as Reuters, (many/most blogs), API, end even many newspapers and magazines that are not writing for this device. I had to cancel 5 Amazon subscriptions.3 When you purchase an Amazon Kindle book, it may not download to the Kindle Fire automatically as it did with the other simpler Kindle readers, such as my 3G Kindle Keypad reader.4 The open tabs in Web Apps tend to crowd into the Kindle Fire carousel. The interface and screens are not very intuitive, and leave information and instructions outside the screen margins.5 The music capture is very limited in size and storage.6 The battery lasts about 5 hours of continuous use, not the still small 8 hours they advertise.7 They provide many useless links and URLs that you need to spend a lot of time deleting because they crowd up your application and Web screens.8 Most of all, the material you thought you would have from your old Kindle in many cases is not written for this device, especially the newspapers, magazines, blogs that you subscribed to and more.9 Finally I need to mention again that though you think you have purchased and clicked to download a book correctly, to your Kindle Fire...it just does not happen most of the time.10 The operating software is full of bugs that make this a terrible experience.11The speakers sound like earphones being played at the highest volume.12The quality of this unit is truly representative of most items imported from China that have not undergone a true hands on quality control specification", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire not ready for prime time; A very bad purchase", "unixReviewTime": 1324857600, "reviewTime": "12 26, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3EBMTGOH6LPEZ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 22], "reviewText": "I bought my wife the Kindle Fire for Christmas. She has had a Kindle for eight months and mainly uses it to play games and not for reading. She thought she would really enjoy the Fire more for what she uses the Kindle for. We were shocked when we got the Kindle Fire and learned that most of the games she has enjoyed are not available for the Fire. NOTE: If you plan on playing games on the Fire, you are probably wasting your money to purchase one.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "False Advertising", "unixReviewTime": 1324339200, "reviewTime": "12 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3G3L1UVTBNBTS", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 22], "reviewText": "This is not really a tablet. It is a portable Amazon website. I love amazon, but this product is too limited.No access to outside android app store.Low storage.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Portable Amazon Marketplace", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3JRYJVMOD1I1Z", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 22], "reviewText": "I bought this to see how it would compare to the ipad.  It doesn't compare.  The 2 most basic things a tablet should do is browse the web and check e-mail.  The web browsing is horrible.  The header and footer of the browser leave about 2.5 inches of viewable space on web pages when you hold the fire horizontally.  Holding it vertically makes the font unreadable.  Constantly adjusting the zoom is cumbersome.  The e-mail program does not support Microsoft Exchange.  This is unbelievable for a portable wireless device today.  You can get an app from the app store for free to support Exchange (wishful thinking).  After you download the app it reveals it is only a 30 day trial.I have been a prime user since it's inception, and I am a big fan of Amazon as a company.  I feel like I was duped.  I can read books and listen to cloud music on my Android phone.  I bought the fire to easily browse the web and check e-mail, and it looks like I won't be doing either after the 30 day trial.  This is an epic fail, and Amazon, supposedly, is losing money every time they sell one of these things.  I hope they will update both of these monster issues very soon, or their stockholders are not going to like the results.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Epic Fail", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3L218OWZV79I6", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 22], "reviewText": "Games run very slow on it compared to Ipad2, invest more money and just buy the ipad2I like the screen size and quality but the slow performance ruins it all unfortunately.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "first time Kindle user and never again", "unixReviewTime": 1327276800, "reviewTime": "01 23, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A3L2MFBCZOKYMP", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 22], "reviewText": "Kindle is like the pimple on my ass, its red, pussing, and ready to pop all over intruders. If i could see what it had inside id avert my attention to how slow and blocky the kindly is. Its sweeet for general use, but sometimes I want to scream and throw it at a passing car. You cant turn off autocorrect that enables me to be cool with my illiteracy. Force closing things doesn't give le confidence that this device runs smoothly. If you like the 200 bucks you could spend on a prostitute and a menial hotel, or on your lovely self DONT HESITATE TO ROLL IT UP AND PUT IT ON YOUR man purse. March into a Fredmeyers, or any friendly store with possibly illegal child workers across seas, AND BUY A REAL TABLET.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "outta gas, outta road", "unixReviewTime": 1327449600, "reviewTime": "01 25, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A3NTA28K4SX6R9", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 22], "reviewText": "This has been a horid day.i purchased the kindle fire from target in eureka ca. i began to use it and it started to glitch and shutdown. i went to target the same day and they said that even when it was defective they still couldent return it. this esentally ment that i was in the hole 299.99 with the case and the screen protector and a 50 dollar gift card. the only real reason this product gets a one star is because 0 is not avalible.-skeetshooter11", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "THE WORST DAY EVER", "unixReviewTime": 1329004800, "reviewTime": "02 12, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A3Q3ZMDWJPUMTT", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [14, 22], "reviewText": "I'm a regular customer of both Apple and Amazon.  I like the whole experience of Apple so I have the iPad, but have just bought 3 Kindle fires as Christmas gifts for users that I know are mostly interested in web connectivity, e-mail and reading. I think that this product will be a big hit and is at a very attractive price.  I think there's room in this world for both the iPad and what it offers as well as the Kindle Fire.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Excellent Product For What It Is", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3Q6DXFOQ1OY2R", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 22], "reviewText": "i was pretty excited about this tablet, but when i got mine i couldn't register it.  I kept getting the same error message.  i did get through to customer service pretty quickly, but after 45 minutes on the phone they couldn't make it work either.  i'm returning it.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "unable to register", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3QYNIT6G3GB4X", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 22], "reviewText": "What was Amazon smoking when they decided on having no ability to limit what purchases?  Everything's 1 click and no security.  Avoid this tablet if you were thinking about letting your kids use it.  Far too easy for them to run up a huge bill buying stuff.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Not for children", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3SF5591OERG5I", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 22], "reviewText": "I bought this as a Christmas gift, I have no review on the actual Kindle, but the five dollar \"gift wrap\" was crap, ripped, crinkled, faded........Do Not get it or you will be disappointed.......wrap it yourself!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Do NOT pay 4.99 for the BS gift wrapping!", "unixReviewTime": 1323993600, "reviewTime": "12 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A5U6WVVD5CMDR", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 22], "reviewText": "I assumed the Kindle Fire would offer the same text-to-speech feature that the cheaper Kindle models have. I assumed WRONG! I gather that Amazon made this concession to book publishers who want to reserve the option to offer their titles in audiobook format. That's fine, except that most of the books I want to read have never been and never will be made available as audiobooks.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "NO TEXT-TO-SPEECH FEATURE!", "unixReviewTime": 1322006400, "reviewTime": "11 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A9ZBP6XYGIGT2", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 22], "reviewText": "I've been a kindle user for years. My book collection is extensive and I've purchased kindles for all my family and friends. I love the kindle because of the e ink display. It's amazing how it looks like an actual book. No glare and less eye strain. I know that the fire was amazon's attempt to integrate movies and web browsing, but it eliminates the feature that I loved most about the kindle. If amazon intended this kindle to be a media viewer rather than a reader, why is the screen so small?  The price may be good but why settle for mediocrity. I would rather have the 1st gen iPad which I can find for only $50 more than the fire. Bigger screen, more apps, better support, and smoother/ well defined interface.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Eliminates the uniqueness of kindle", "unixReviewTime": 1322092800, "reviewTime": "11 24, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AIEUVXVH5MBWI", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "nunya", "helpful": [15, 22], "reviewText": "I LOVED my original Kindle with keyboard!  When it was stolen, I thought I would join the 21st century with a pad device, so I bought the Kindle Fire.  All of my books I had originally purchased on the Kindle had to be re-downloaded:  this was expected; no big deal at all.  However, none of the books I downloaded were able to be read once I went \"offline\" (off of a wireless network).  Every time I tried to read a book, I got a message telling me I had to download the book.That started a series of horrible customer service experiences with Amazon:- Being told that I had downloaded the wrong version.  First of all, all a user does is initiate a download request.  I don't have the option to download one version of a book or another:  I get whatever Amazon gives me.  Secondly, noone could ever explain why there would even be multiple versions of a book to begin with.- Being told that if I download the book from my home computer, that would solve the problem.  It did not.  And, again, nooone could explain the fact that this seemed counter-intuitive (how was downloading an 8-month old version of a book from my home computer going to be a more recent version then the version I just downloaded 5 minutes ago from Amazon Kindle store)?- Having to go thru the same exact diagnostics every time with each support person I talked to (and the support person refusing to assist if I did not do the same diagnostics over again).- Having to download a new version of the Operating System (less than a week after initial product launch).  Again, the problem is two-fold:  a technical issue made worse by the Support (no customer knows there had to be an OS upgrade unless you called in with a problem; and the OS Upgrade actually caused my Fire device to completely shut down while on the phone with Support).- After several days, being told the device was defective, please return for a new device which we will overnight (confirmed twice while on the call).  Then, after hanging up with Support, I received an email indicating that my replacement device would be expected to arrive in 3 days).After deciding to return the device for refund (after the customer service experience), I thought I would take time to cool off from my customer service experience and then re-purchase an original Kindle device (reader only in e-ink).  I shipped the product back to Amazon using a pre-paid label they provided (which I thought was a good customer service idea).  However, 8 days after dropping off with UPS, the product still hasn't arrived back at Amazon, and I had to talk to UPS and Amazon for over 1.5 hours on the phone before getting escalated to a supervisor who could take an action on this.  (PS - UPS will not launch an investigation of a delivery issue from the sender/customer; only from Amazon.  When I told this to the Amazon customer support rep, she told me that UPS was not telling the truth.  Eventually, the Amazon support escalation person told me this really is true).With yet another horrible customer service experience, I am not sure that I will purchase another Kindle device of any kind.  This is the horrible part of this.  I had a defective Fire device.  But, it is Amazon's customer support that has made this experience horrible, and prompted this review.PS - One function/feature comment.  If you do decide to purchase the Kindle Fire, the old On/Off slide switch from the old device is now a button on the Fire.  If you use the Fire to read a book on a piece of cardio equipment (elliptical, treadmill, etc.), the device will turn off because the weight of the unit will force the button on the bottom to push.  I assume you should be able to avoid this if you turn the device upside down (the Fire is supposed to orient the page as you rotate the device).  I never got that far to try it because I could never read a book on cardio equipment (when I tried is when I found all the problems listed above).", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Defective product made worse by bad service", "unixReviewTime": 1322524800, "reviewTime": "11 29, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AIS603XH60Q52", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 22], "reviewText": "Amazon Kindle Fire ReviewSee full review with all images, videos and etc. at [...]IntroductionThe Kindle Fire is not the ONLY similar device coming out this holiday season. In fact, there is an almost exact duplicate Doppelganger in the Barnes & Noble Nook Tablet. While we'd love to have done a comparison out the gate, that might have to wait a couple of weeks. Until then, let's really take a look at this definitely different, possibly exciting new device.In addition to a comprehensive look at every feature, we're going to look at dozens of images of the device and the UI, and some beautiful models in action with the Fire. We'll take a look at several videos, including a live demo of browser performance benchmarks, and because the usual 3D marks do not work yet, we'll look at some live gaming with both a very popular 2D game, and a very well done and complex 3D game that wouldn't look out of place on Xbox Live.Let's begin our journey in the place we usually do with tech reviews: The Overview and Unboxing:Overview of the Amazon Kindle Fire 7\" TabletWhat it ISThe Kindle Fire is nothing more or less than a portable window into Amazon Digital Services. If you already own an iPad, there's really nothing to see here. The Fire will not do anything that the iPad cannot do better. The issue here is that the Fire is an inexpensive ( by comparison ) way to enjoy Amazon content on the road, or more likely \"on the road near good, solid WiFi\". If you already have a \"high end\" smart phone, this is also going to be a hard sell, as the device does less than a smartphone, but does it with a bigger screen. Do you really need TWO such devices on you at all times? If you have a fully rooted 4+ inch Android phone full of custom content, you're really not the target audience for this device. Enjoy the pretty model images I've provided and please do read some of my more core audience related content, but this is not a purchase for you to sweat over. If however, you're looking for a simple, easy to use, all in one Tablet \"like device\" and you already have or are willing to get an Amazon account, this may be just the thing for you.The Kindle Fire IS an elegant, comparatively affordable foray into Tablet Devices.What it is NOTIt is NOT a communication device -The Kindle Fire has no cameras, and thus, is not a \"FaceTime\" type of device. It's not for taking pictures of your food to post on Facebook. It's not for running GPS software while driving. It's not for most of these forms of two way interactivity. While it is capable of handling some basic email, it's really not meant to be a replacement for your laptop or smartphone. It's a device that exists to allow you to consume Amazon approved content, mostly in reach of established WiFi and internet access.Is that a problem?That depends on your level of tech expertise and expectations. It's $200, not $900, like a fully loaded iPad. Or more like $3500 like a fully loaded desktop replacement laptop. I've sat in airports with my Alienware M17x, chuckling a bit to myself at the people around me with their mere Smartphones or anemic laptops, while I had access to thousands of hours of TV shows and movies, dozens of AAA 3D games thanks to twin Radeon 5870M's, and a bigger, brighter screen than they had. Sure, it weighs 12lbs, but even with my back condition, I don't think that's anything.But I'm not most people, and I know that thin and light rules all these days. Sad, yet true. Well, you'll find almost nothing out there to beat the Fire for thin and light while still able to smoothly consume the various types of media that the device was designed for. Can you play Windows games on it? Of course not. Even many Android games are not certified for Kindle Fire, and that's ok. You've got your Angry Birds, calm down. Again, this device is a 14 ounce eco-system, that fits in a large pocket or small bag. If you have to travel light, it won't help you get there, but it might keep you entertained along the way.The Unboxing[...]My Fire came shipped in its own package, but I didn't get the pretty sleeve that some got. Mine was covered in shipping labels, and even handwritten notes. Ugly is about the only word to describe it. This is no Apple packaging, not by a long shot. Was it \"frustration free\"? I do not recall a time I ever thought to myself \"Self: this laptop box is so hard to get into, I do not believe that I shall be enjoying this device today. I am frustrated.\"That said, opening the box did not require a knife or a fork, or a 12 year old. You tear a perforated line, and you're in. Once in, the device is just sitting there looking up at you like a passenger after a particularly rough coach flight. A flight where the passenger was seated right atop a cheap AC adapter in a cardboard sleeve. Talk about awkward.Mine woke up immediately upon exiting the flight box, as if to say \"Man, what a relief! I need to stretch!\"On the top flap of the box is an additional slot of cardboard that does nothing more than act as a sleeve for another bit of cardboard that acts as the \"Quick Start Guide\". Nothing Earth shattering here. It tells you how to turn on a device that has but ONE button. If you're incapable of figuring this part out, you probably shouldn't be trusted with the device in the first place, but we're not here to judge.First impressionsSee my First Impressions Video for most of the relevant details:[...]The very first thing I noticed was that the Fire \"feels\" heavier than it looks. We know the specs: 14.6 ounces. But somehow that just \"feels\" like more than it should. This is a device meant to sit in one hand for long periods of time, right? That's no problem for me, but I wonder how quickly this will become a point of contention for many users . . .A Full Tour of the UIThe general motif of the UI is that of wooden shelves, bathed in gray. This is exactly the type of UI I might have designed in about an hour as a mockup for a website back in 1996. For today, it's just meh.The top of the UI features the Name of the registrant on the top left, the time in the middle, and the Settings, WiFi, and Battery indicator.Below that, The brushed gray \"shelf\" motif begins and on this level is the search bar. You can use this in any tab.Below this are six \"Tabs\": Newsstand, Books, Music, Video, Docs, Apps, and Web.(( See Full Review for Full tour with images ))The Apps TabNext up is the one you're all curious about but don't get too excited just yet. Apps must be approved for Kindle Fire, and while it is POSSIBLE to force it to take one or two that aren't you're more than likely to run into problems trying to run them. Yes, there are a fair few apps out there but most of them are likely to be something you'll never use or are complete crap.One issue that has cropped up immediately is that even with several extremely popular \"approved\" apps, there are suddenly paid \"Kindle Fire\" versions of that same exact app. This has already occurred with Angry Birds AND Plants vs. Zombies, with no automatic way to get credit for your previous purchase. This is going to hurt trust, and cause a lot of support issues later. Amazon: Seriously, get with it on this issue, and allow customers who've already purchased the app to get the \"Kindle\" version as either a free upgrade or if there are any additional features, a VERY inexpensive upgrade. You are going to alienate a lot of customers who are ALREADY a little miffed about how hard it is to put content on the device as it is.Why was there no \"Images\" Tab to begin with? That's a perfectly valid form of content right? Because Amazon doesn't just SELL images. Here we launch the image viewer app, and there are a few:IMDB AppBefore we move on to the final tab and content, Fire included an IMDB app that worked very well, and although you can see it in action in the First Impressions video, I'm including a shot here.A Free Paid App, every Day - It's like apps for JunkiesEvery day, you get a paid app for free. Whether you will care will vary a lot. As of this photography session, that app was Enhanced Email. I also got Documents to Go for free, and that's pretty awesome. We'll look at that one another day.The Web TabViewing sites on Fire is reasonably painless. Nothing terribly more special than doing it on a smartphone. Here's a look a the tab screen:Device Settings \"Tab\"Not really a tab but the section on device settings may be accessed by swiping a finger around the upper right of the screen.And that's really it. That's all there is to it. Here we are back on the very front page, on our \"Favorites\" shelves.I hope you have enjoyed this full tour of the UI. Let's move on . . .The ArchitectureThe Kindle Fire is a unique device in most ways. Neither an \"E-Ink\" reader nor a fully fledged tablet ( where we expect to see a much more open OS, expandable storage, and more flexible networking ), and while it does have direct competition in the Nook Tablet, Amazon hopes that it can do what only Apple has been able to do so far: create a closed system and make it work. How well this works in the long run is up to History, but for now, what we have is a fascinating look at a post Steve Jobs era of computing. Ironic that this closed system is built on top of Android, which is meant to be a more open alternative to iOS, which in turn is the little brother of Apple's OS X, which is a closed system built on top of a form of Linux, which is an open system. Ain't technology funny sometimes?As I have only one I do not plan to do an autopsy, but I'm sure plenty of other sites will. We pretty much know what is in the thing, and perhaps more importantly, what is not. The first thing you should know is that the unit lacks Bluetooth. I can accept the lack of an expansion slot ( although I'm not happy about it ) but a lack of Bluetooth? Even my cheap, crappy off brand Android phone has Bluetooth, so this is unacceptable. The ability to stream audio to my car is a huge thing, and not being able to do this severely limits the utility of a unit already somewhat crippled by anemic storage and a lack of 3G.But enough about what it doesn't have, let's go over what it DOES have:Kindle Fire Special FeaturesAs this is such a huge release in consumer electronics, I'd like to take a moment to go over each and every one of the marquee features in listed order from Amazon and how I feel this device delivers on said promises. The Amazon copy will appear in \"uryaen orange\" and my evaluation will appear below that. (( on the actual site it is more readable ))Stunning Color TouchscreenMovies, magazines and children's books come alive on a 7\" vibrant color touchscreen that delivers 16 million colors in high resolution. Kindle Fire uses IPS (in-plane switching) technology - similar technology to that used on the iPad - for an extra-wide viewing angle, perfect for sharing your screen with others.Sharing a 7\" screen with others? I'm not sure about you, but I find it painful enough to share content on my 24\" monitor with one other person. That part of the claim is dubious. As to the quality of the screen:As you see from my First Impressions video the screen is quite nice, but for sharing? I don't think so. The brightness drops off significantly after center. I don't know if I would call this a truth in advertising issue, because who buys a 7\" Tablet to watch movies with friends? However, we can safely say it's a good screen for one person, just not much more than that.As for resolution, the Fire has a 1024x600 screen. This makes play back of any HD content scaled. The issues of HD resolutions and scaling are a bit beyond the scope of this discussion, but I'll just say that video looks decent enough, but if you're a videophile, it might be a bit painful to watch, no matter what source you used.Magazines in Rich ColorEnjoy your favorite magazines with glossy, full-color layouts, photographs and illustrations. Choose from hundreds of titles, such as Bon Appetit, Elle, and Oprah. Special editions of titles like Vanity Fair, Wired, and GQ come with built-in video, audio and other interactive features.Hey, WIRED is free, so I'll check that out:This bugs me. You can \"buy\" the Wired \"app\" for free, but unless you have your own subscription, or sign up for one, you will see nothing. I'm not going to sign up for three months free, and risk being charged for something I'm never going to use. As far as I can tell, you can't test any of the magazine content without paying for something, but since the screen is the same screen, I'm going to assume it won't look any different than a PDF or a web page. Magazines, while not dead, are nowhere near the relevancy they use to be. There is a certain art to the layout of a GOOD magazine, but most users just want the info, and do not care about fancy layouts, which is the design philosophy behind this site as well.Beautifully Simple and Easy to UseDesigned from the ground up, Kindle Fire's simple, intuitive interface puts the content you love at your fingertips - spin effortlessly through your recent titles and websites straight from the home screen. Whether you are in the mood to watch, read, listen, play or browse, you can get to all your favorite content with a single touch. It's that simple.Intuitive is a matter of opinion. I'm going to hand off the device to a few others, and see what happens. For my part I find the interface needlessly convoluted. It breaks content into clearly defined, but limited categories, and ONLY Amazon content is available in those categories. If you have video you encoded yourself, don't expect to find it in the \"Video\" section, it will not be there. It will instead be buried in the file system, accessible only to a video player app. As of this writing, only ONE is available on Amazon's version of the App Store ( how many App Stores do we need anyway? ) and that app sucks.Intuitive? I would have assumed that my videos, which were PUT in the VIDEOS folder, would show up on the VIDEOS UI tab. They did not. Problems like this abound. So Intuitive? Not hardly.Easy? The Fire has no form of multitasking. You do a task, you back out of it, do something else, come back to it. Is that . . .  Easy? My iPhone 3G could do better than that with the newer OSes.Single Touch? Depends on where you are. To back out of an App on iOS, you hold down the Home button. Once.To back out of an app on Fire, you must pull up the ever present and annoying tray on the bottom, and that's assuming you touch it just right, THEN hit the home button. So, not a Single touch, but a couple of them at least. In fact, nothing on the Fire is really very easy to get to, but once you do, you're usually ok. The omnipresent bottom tray is a MAJOR irritant to a purist.Beautiful? These days, we're used to very liquid and translucent OSs: iOS, Windows 7, even the newer Androids. This thing has a basic cobalt gray OS throughout, with a very \"wooden shelves\" motif. It's clunky, unresponsive, it's not exactly simple, and it's not customizable at all.100,000 Movies and TV ShowsOver 100,000 movies and TV shows, including thousands of new releases and your favorite TV shows, are available to stream or download, purchase or rent - all just one tap away. Amazon Prime members enjoy unlimited, commercial-free streaming of over 10,000 popular movies and TV shows.Very few of which any one person will care about. I combed carefully through the Prime movies. Almost ALL of them are ancient, B movies. Not one of which I was looking to watch.TV Shows had a couple of good series, depending on your tastes, but only a couple. The ability to SMOOTHLY play my video from other sources would have been a LOT better here. This is something my old iPhone 3G was brilliant at so to see a much more modern device fail at this is hugely disappointing.All told, the Prime content is what they are really pushing for you to use with this thing, which if you do, will QUICKLY drive the price from $200 to more than an iPad2. Does that make a lot of sense? Not to me, I'd rather have the bigger, better iPad2(3) and be more open about content.We knew this going in, but the Fire IS NOT INTENDED to be an open platform to your content, it's meant to be a closed platform to AMAZON content. As long as you are ok with that, you're fine. Yes, you CAN add your own videos, but getting to them is a pain. The harder you throw yourself against the wall of Amazon Content, the more your head will hurt.Not to mention that you must maintain a $80 a year Prime membership to access content on the device, so over time, you're paying a tax to use most of the features of this Tablet Device, assuming you don't eventually root it, and install a custom OS.Fast Dual-Core ProcessorKindle Fire features a state-of-the-art dual-core processor for fast, powerful performance. Stream music while browsing the web or read books while downloading videos.My how time flies like a Swift on speed in the tech business. With the new ARM A9 and Tegra 3 architectures, dual core is hardly state of the art. Does this mean that apps and the OS are ready for quad core and beyond? No, but that's a story for another day.The Fire feels snappy enough. Try as I might, I can't find a way to get the traditional Android benchmarks to run on it, so full testing might have to wait for a rooting.The Fire only connects to the network ( which it requires for virtually everything ) after several seconds, so no \"instant on\" here.Switching around to different areas is a bit sluggish, and that's with very little content on here.For a $200 device, tis adequate, but adequate will feel awfully slow soon.Your Favorite Apps and GamesThousands of the most popular apps, including Netflix, Rhapsody, Pandora, Comics by comiXology and more, plus you'll get a great paid app for free every day. Enjoy the best games, including Words with Friends, Angry Birds, Plants vs. Zombies and more, from top developers like Zynga, EA, Gameloft, PopCap, Rovio and more. All apps are Amazon-tested on Kindle Fire for the best experience possible.As long as your favorite apps and games are approved for Fire. So far, very little is, and I have a hard time even FINDING something interesting or relevant to download. Let's face it, iOS or Android, 99% of all apps are complete crap. So once you have the few good ones, it's a matter of how well the device runs them. With no GPS, no phone, and few advanced sensors, a great deal of those apps and games are not even COMPATIBLE, and never will be.Paid Content OnlyFire comes with what looks like a Facebook app, but it's really just a link to the website. With Fire, accessing anything decent requires more money.Amazon App Store - More moneyNetflix - More moneyHulu Plus - More moneycomiXology - More moneyAgain, that's not in itself a huge issue, but when you already HAVE a lot of local content or apps, and you want to transfer them to Fire, you find that either you can't, or you have to pay for them again. With an iPad, I could just transfer the stuff I already have and it will work just great. Even my now several year old iPhone 3G could do that perfectly smoothly.I already OWN the Plants vs. Zombies Android app FROM Amazon. Can I download and use it? No. I have to BUY it again because there's a new version optimized for Fire. Even if it wasn't I can't download my own apps to it. Why? I'll get into that down below.Games for SensorsThe Fire DOES include an accelerometer, but it does not appear to work as smoothly in testing several games as even my old iPhone, and is definitely not as advanced as the newer iDevices, or the Sony Vita. This really isn't a dedicated gaming device, so this isn't shocking news, but it's still rather disappointing.Ultra-fast web browsing - Amazon SilkAmazon Silk is a revolutionary, cloud-accelerated browser that uses a \"split browser\" architecture to leverage the computing speed and power of the Amazon Web Services cloud. Supports Adobe Flash Player. Learn why it's so fast.I don't know if I'd say \"revolutionary\" so much as \"neat trick\". In my testing, there appeared to be little real world difference in browsing speed. In fact, I'm going to bet most people will want to turn off the feature anyway, so that their browsing history isn't being fed through Amazon servers. Let's call this a neat trick and not a real feature.To turn off accelerated browsing - Launch browser, click on drawer icon, hit settings, scroll down to \"Accelerate Page Loading\" and uncheck.Millions of BooksRead bestsellers, children's books, comic books, and cookbooks in vibrant color. The Kindle Store offers over 1 million books, including 800,000 titles at $9.99 or less. In addition, over 2 million free, out-of-copyright, pre-1923 books are also available such as Pride and Prejudice. Learn MoreReading books on the Fire is no different than reading on any other bright LCD screen. It's no E-ink. If you think that's fine, go nuts. There are plenty of books.Free Cloud StorageForget about memory - Kindle Fire gives you free storage for all your Amazon digital content in the Amazon Cloud. Your books, movies, music and apps are available instantly to stream or download for free, at a touch of your finger.Again, as long as you obtain all of your content from Amazon.The lack of any expansion storage is painful, but understandable. I have a feeling that Amazon is going to run into the issue that all companies who attempt to run a closed environment eventually do: Users don't LIKE closed environments, and will eventually either root it, or put enough pressure on them that they will open it up a bit to allow easier access to outside content.Your Favorite Children's BooksKindle Fire is great for parents and kids. Stir your child's imagination with over 1000 beautifully-illustrated children's books, including favorites like Brown Bear, Curious George, andCircus Ship.Hey, if you're willing to hand over your brand new, $200 window to unlimited spending on Amazon with \"one click\" that's your business, but I have a feeling Amazon is going to face a lot of angry parents when they discover $1300 worth of new apps and books on their credit card because children have both an absolutely INSATIABLE ability to devour content, and a complete LACK of ability to understand \"money\".Easy to hold in one handDesigned to travel with you wherever you go. Small enough to fit in your purse and light enough to hold in just one hand, Kindle Fire is perfect for browsing, playing, reading and shopping on-the-go.This is no problem for me, but let's see that in action:I guess it's fine . . .17 Million SongsStream your music library from Amazon Cloud Drive or download to your device and listen offline. Looking for new music? Discover over 17 million songs in the Amazon MP3 Store.Music playing is about the least interesting aspect of a modern device. The decade old iPod had this down, and maybe sounded better. Sound quality is nothing to jump up and down about, it's just average.Extra Durable DisplayOur state-of-the art Kindle Fire display is chemically strengthened to be 20 times stiffer and 30 times harder than plastic, making it extra durable and resistant to accidental bumps and scrapes.To be honest, I have no intention of testing this. We'll take their word for it. It DOES feel quite stiff, like glass, but since I only have one, I'm not going to torture test it. Maybe next time.I guess if you're going to fall off a ledge holding a tablet, you'd want it to be durable.Kindle Owners' Lending LibraryWith an Amazon Prime membership, Kindle owners can choose from thousands of books to borrow for free - including over 100New York Times Bestsellers - as frequently as a book a month, with no due dates. Learn MoreThis is the biggest bust feature right now. Thousands? It's currently about 5000 and of them, I highly doubt any of it is anything you'd want to read. For example the highly popular Steve Jobs bio, not there. Don't hold your breath that it will be.In that regard, it FEELS exactly like a real library. Imagine that, digital content, out of stock. Go home empty handed. It's more than a little funny when you think about it. Amazon: the harbinger of doom for many a brick and mortar store, is out of a book you might want. What is this, the 80's?Amazon WhispersyncLike Kindle e-readers, Kindle Fire uses Amazon's Whispersync technology to automatically sync your library, last page read, bookmarks, notes, and highlights across your devices. On Kindle Fire, Whispersync extends to video. Start streaming a movie on Kindle Fire, then pick up right where you left off on your TV - avoid the frustration of having to find your spot. Learn moreI cannot really test this because I have just the one Amazon device, and even if I did, how many people are so \"busy\" that they're running around consuming content on multiple different devices? How \"frustrating\" is it really to \"find your spot\" in any content? Really just an advertising more than a practical feature.Free Month of Amazon PrimeExperience the benefits that millions of Amazon Prime members already enjoy, including unlimited, instant streaming of over 10,000 popular movies and TV shows, Free Two-Day Shipping on millions of items, and now, access to thousands of popular Kindle books through the Kindle Owners' Lending Library. Learn moreI have a feeling that more than anything, this feature is for reviewers. Be that as it may, Prime content is thin, shallow and restricted. I don't really see this changing drastically in the near future.The packaging may have been \"frustration free\" but without an active Prime membership, how frustrating is the Fire going to be?Read Your DocumentsKindle makes it easy to take your documents with you. You can e-mail documents - including Word, PDF and more - directly to your Kindle so you that you can read them anytime, anywhere.How exactly is emailing documents to yourself easier than syncing to your computer? I tested the feature and found that the email took several hours to finally go through and for the small document to show up. I'd hate to see what trying to sync all of my content would be like.That said, I did manage to put some books I already had on the Fire. They showed right up in the book section, just as expected.Had ya going for a second didn't I? Even Kindle books I owned, much like my copy of Plants vs. Zombies would not show up where I expected them to. Why not? I figured out it was because I had ordered various apps, books, and games on my OTHER email address. Since the Fire is tied to ONE email address, and seemingly unable to be used by another user, I cannot put my other, legally owned content on it, even though that content came from Amazon, simply because I used my work address to register it. That is just about the opposite of convenient, and I'm shocked that no one has noticed or complained about this yet.For the record, some of those books did show up on the Fire, but in \"Documents\", not \"Books\". Intuitive huh?Now that said: I was able to use the Documents to Go app to add a lot of my work files to the Kindle and allow them to \"Sync\" to my main computer. This works very well. Buy the app. It works. No review required.EmailStay in touch using our built-in email app that gets your webmail (Gmail, Yahoo!, Hotmail, AOL etc.) into a single inbox. Import your messages and contact lists from other email accounts. Additional email apps are available in our Amazon Appstore for Android.Setting up email has been a pain so far. My uryaen address set up on the normal client, but my web mail would not, on two different clients. Notifications are virtually non existent as well, making this a step backward in tech.Built in Email AppDoes not work with my Yahoo mail.Other Mail AppsI tried the Enhanced Email App, but that didn't set up correctly either. Finally I just installed the Yahoo mail app, and it works just like on my phone. No more, no less. The notification sound DID chime, but there was no neat notification tray, nor did the name in the upper corner add a number to reflect the change.Quite a lot of annoyance, but supports my previous statement. This isn't really a communication device, any more than a modern iPod is. You should not expect to lean on the Fire for heavy communicating. You CAN, but you shouldn't.Things I don't likeLack of Bluetooth -As I've said, if my cheap off brand Android phone can have Bluetooth, surely Amazon could have wedged it in here without raising the price. Amazon is hoping you'll spend thousands of dollars on content for the device, which is why they're willing to sell it so cheap. They could have thrown Blue in the mix.Lack of expansion slot -You're going to hear this from every reviewer on the web, so I won't beat a dead fish here. Amazon is really hoping you'll lean hard on its cloud service. With a public that STILL does not fully trust cloud services to begin with, and a lack of \"always on\" internet access, this really is an odd design decision. Where are you going to use a 7\" Tablet? At home, in front of your router? Or is it more likely that you'll use it out and about?Cheap, Short AC Adapter -For a device that comes with only ONE accessory, you'd hope it would be a nice one. It's really not. In fact, I've seen OTHER Chinese knock off parts that were better built.The Fire requires the AC adapter to really charge. If you attempt to charge off USB, you will find that it charges EXTREMELY slowly. In fact, even left overnight to charge, it was only at around 70% when I checked on it. Therefore, you're going to want to find a longer AC adapter than this short, about four footer.Apps designed for Fire ONLY -Angry Birds HD, Plants vs. Zombies ( For Kindle Fire ), we see a number of issues here. I hope that Amazon will clean up the store a bit, as this causes some confusion. Do not like.Issues?Lots of little things already mentioned. Lack of Bluetooth, lack of smooth playback of non Amazon video content, audio quality and popping issues, sluggish performance . . . all relatively minor nigs, but they add up.Other FeaturesNone. That's it. Fin. That's what the Fire is and does, comprehensively. We can hope for some firmware updates to resolve audio and gaming performance issues, but nothing is going to change the limited storage and lack of Bluetooth.SupportAll we know so far is that the Fire comes with a one year limited warranty. I have read the text of the warranty, and while there is nothing terribly unusual, it does feature a disturbing number of instances of \"permitted by law\".For the greasy fingered among you, Amazon offers an extended two year warranty with \"Accident Protection\" from a third party that reads a little more generously. You can have your device replaced up to three times in a two year period for an additional $45. Is that worth it? That depends a lot on your priorities. They also offer a third party case for about $45 as well. What if you got both? You just spent $100 to protect a $200 device. Does that make sense? Not to me, but I take very good care of my things, and in two years, something much better will come along anyway.ConclusionThe Amazon Kindle Fire. Who is it for? If you have an Amazon Prime Membership, or are willing to pay for one, and have a desire to access all of that content in a portable device, go for it, you'll find little that is easier and less expensive.If you are looking for an inexpensive Android Tablet Computer, don't look here. You're just going to be frustrated.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "uryaen.com Kindle Fire Review", "unixReviewTime": 1322956800, "reviewTime": "12 4, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AK1PO1RR81324", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [12, 22], "reviewText": "I received my Fire on the 16th of Nov. and so far it appears to be a nice product.  It works as described and has a nice clear and easy to use interface.  However, you can only run the Amazon Apps from the Amazon Apps Store and that is VERY, VERY limited.  Android has thousands of apps and most are not available for the Fire.  All of Google's great apps like Maps and Talk and stuff also are not available.  Many of the Sports and Newspaper Apps available for Android are not available from Amazon.  Many of the games and entertainment apps are also not available.  As I said, this is a VERY limiting factor for the Fire and until Amazon fixes this shortcoming, I would recommend not spending the money.  If Amazon ever makes the Android Apps available on the Fire, it would be a nice, inexpensive device.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Limited Apps", "unixReviewTime": 1323129600, "reviewTime": "12 6, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ATR8FP9N1C5K6", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 22], "reviewText": "Did the research and decided to order in lieu of an IPAD because of price.  I was so excited to get in and immediately out of the box the touchscreen did not work.  Really? How disappointing.  On the upside, I will get a replacement in two days but I am weary now of the quality of this product.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "In Shock!", "unixReviewTime": 1330473600, "reviewTime": "02 29, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "AUMGVFDBLIC86", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 22], "reviewText": "I have not bought the Kindle Fire and I'm glad I haven't.  My friend tells me, and I've confirmed, that it operates on Wi-Fi, therefore, there is limited connectivity to internet.  Why would Amazon have 3G on the Kindle e-reader and not on the Fire?!I have an iPod Touch & am frustrated that I have to have internet to use Face Time & some other features.  Most internet connections @ most locations require a password do to security @ the facility where the signal is being read.I will not be considering the Fire unless they change to 3G or 4G for internet.  Makes me think more about inventing in the iPad, but they change so fast, that I don't know about that either.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Limited Internet", "unixReviewTime": 1333411200, "reviewTime": "04 3, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "AWFCIOGNEX4XT", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 22], "reviewText": "This Kindle Fire arrived at my home in a box labeled KINDLE FIRE on the outside.  The person receiving this as a surprise brought the package into the house from the porch and saw EXACTLY what he was getting for Christmas!  Wrecked the whole thing.  I complained to customer service and can't express my disappointment with the packaging.  Seriously, Amazon....how could you?????  Have this sent to another person's home if you are getting this for a gift and avoid my huge disappointment.  Sigh. I am giving one star because of the big Scrooge job.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Christmas WARNING", "unixReviewTime": 1323129600, "reviewTime": "12 6, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AWG6H9WFQFO9Z", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 22], "reviewText": "I think the Kindle Fire is nice for the money. My complaint is with Amazon's offering Prime Membership as something special.  You get 1 book a month from the lending library!  When you are looking at a book and it says \"free Amazon Prime\" don't believe it.  It is free from the lending library, again 1 book a month. I can read an entire series in a week.  I was looking to get some childrens books for my grandaughter and thought they were free because of my prime membership, NOPE!  When Nook offers access to \"real\" libraries, unlimited, I think Amazon could do better.  I have a Kindle now because I had trouble with my Nook Color when it came out.  I understand that since they have fixed the problem.  I am just disappointed.  If you want library access, get a Nook.  Don't think you are getting a deal with the Prime Membership at 79 dollars a year.  You still pay for all the rentals and purchases.  You do get free shipping on some items if over 20 dollars.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Amazon Prime promotion", "unixReviewTime": 1329264000, "reviewTime": "02 15, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "AXPAIEE0732A9", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 22], "reviewText": "I am not very happy with the device overall.  Some of the functionality is broken.  I feel that the characters on the screen are fuzzy despite the high resolution.  I have to push buttons multiple times which is annoying, like the back button I usually have to hit it at least twice before it goes back.  I personally do not like the 'home screen'.  I don't like the cover flow recent document thing.  It is annoying that it doesn't come with a data cable and the only way to get my old eBooks on there is to email it to the device. and sometimes they take a long time to show up on the device even if you sit there hitting the sync button over and over.  And I don't like how it broke the PDF files that I email converted for the kindle.  I wish I could move my old eBooks from the docs menu into the Books menu.  I don't like how my old eBooks no longer have nice covers, they are boring white books with text names, and the cool percent read ribbon deal doesn't work with them.  The speakers are not loud enough for a semi quiet TV show or movie.  I wish you could customize the home screen more.  The comics from the kindle store are annoying to read, but the Comixology app is great (but sluggish if you have a large library).  I wish I could access files on my 20gb amazon cloud drive.  I wish I could loan any book to someone not just the ones the publishers allow, but that inst amazon's fault, and that is not just a Fire issue.  The device is a little heavier than expected, I find it is uncomfortable to hold it with one hand.  The keyboard sometimes replaced the space-bar with this insert thing, and the space bar is smaller than I am used to so I type a lot of '.' periods instead of spaces, it seems to only do this on the feedback screen.  The browser is slower than on my iPhone, despite all the hype about silk.  Some sites I could not get to ever load the first day I had the device, like Facebook, it works now.  A couple websites I have tried to go to will always forward me to their competitors site, this happens when I try to see the non-mobile version of msnbc.com, it takes me to some unrelated site. In the videos there is a progress bar when a page is loading, my device has no progress bar.  The 'thinking' or 'loading' icon is a orange spinning circle thing, on some screens this looks like a low quality JPEG with a white thing hanging off of it, on other screens it looks nice, I don't know what is up with that. You have to touch the screen at least three times to adjust the volume when it should be part of the bottom pop up bar, or better yet physical buttons.  Magazines suck to look at on the device, but that isn't amazon's deal, the industry is still trying to figure out how to migrate magazines onto digital devices in a way that looks good, is easy to read, and intuitive.  There is no easy upload page on the website that I can find to get files to the cloud for the device.  The only upload method I can find is to email docs to your usrnm@kindle.com email address, I have not tried this with other file types yet, I don't think I can email those big files.I like the in book definitions of words and the highlight feature, but when I click the 'full definition' button it is hard to get back to the book because I have to press the back button 2 or 3 times before it actually goes back, sometimes I end up at the home screen and I have to open the book again.The eBook prices in the kindle store are very good in my opinion, and the lending library feature is nice if you are a prime subscriber.  Plus you get a free month of prime.At first the device just pissed me off and I hated it.  It has grown on me a little and I enjoy some features, but I would still recommend the Nook for an extra 50 bucks.  It has a better interface that is more customizable, double the ram, double the storage (sort of), expandable memory, and longer battery life.  The kindle is cheap, but I'm used to an iPad and a fast iPhone so this device just feels annoying to me.  I have submitted several feedback deals to amazon, hopefully there will be an update soon that will fix some of my complaints.  Such is life.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Not for me", "unixReviewTime": 1321920000, "reviewTime": "11 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AYTQNGRHRU0IL", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 22], "reviewText": "typing is awful.  I try to type my network password and it inserts random letters.  I want 'e' but it inserts and 'i' in front of it.  WTH!!. I try to use the browser but the top half of the display is blank.  ARRGHH.Screen glare is bad.  Things seemed to work well for the Amazon content but that was all", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "disappointed", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A16MSMO2W628TU", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Daniel", "helpful": [20, 21], "reviewText": "I got my kindle Fire just a couple days ago and all ready I am having some frustrating flaws with the interface.1.  It came with some preloaded apps... like ESPN... but I don't like sports... can't stand ESPN and want it gone... but I can't.. there it is just sitting and staring at me every time I go to my apps page...its really stating to piss me off too.2.  I love e-pub and e-books.... but I don't want to have EVERY book I EVER downloaded show up on my home page for anyone who picks up my Fire to look through... okay, I have some \"Adult\" content on my account... on my kindle its okay because its \"archived\" and no one can see it unless they know where to go digging for it.  On the Fire its right out front where my 10 year old Nephew can see at the flick of the carousel screen. they should REALLY make it so you can edit what shows up on the home page.3.  Which brings me to my next frustration.  I downloaded an app just to see if I liked it... I did not so I removed it from the Fire.... but wait... whats this... every time I go to my my apps page.. there it is... right next to ESPN... laughing at me., saying ... \"you downloaded me and now I am here to stay!!\" why cant I deleted something from the cloud?  Why do I have to see EVERY app I don't want, waiting for me to download it again... which I may some day do, but I don't want to have to look at it while I think about it... it was free and it can go away until I come for it again.. and if I paid for it, they let me archive it and not have to look at the short cut to downloaded it... it's like every bad decision I every made standing at my front door and watching me when I go out for coffee... CREEPY!the web browsing seems to be okay but a little slow... I impatiently keep hitting the same button to make something happen only to find it was lag and I have just run through 6 different functions as it recorded the button hits and applied them to the next button that would have appeared where I was pressing.video play back seems to be good... more to come on that as I use it more.Update:  I have had my kindle for about a month now and while I do like it, I have found some more flaws.4.  No physical volume button.  It sucks that I have to go into the software to find the volume control.  It appears that some of the videos I watch have different volume levels.  It would REALLY be nice to just hit a button and a not have to stop watching the movie and go find the volume control.5.  The power button is on the bottom of the device.  I am not going to tell you how many times I have accidentally turned off my kindle while reading a book.  I finally hard to turn it up side down in the cover I bought for it, so I wouldn't do it.  Now my wake page (the page where you put in your password.... if you have one... is upside down.  Maybe Amazon could to let that rotate so I don't need to read up side down to put in my password.6.  The head phone jack is also on the bottom.  I kept wondering if I was going to break off my head phone plug every time I rested my kindle on the table, while reading with the head phones plugged in.7.  And while writting this update I discovered one more.... no scroll bars..... boy that makes navigating in a little window hard. There is one line at the bottom of this review that it won't even let me get near.  Also trying to move the edit cursor around is a job for someone with the patience of a saint.  Some directional arrows would REALLY help.OKAY... Everything from this point on(except the last two lines) was written on my computer, not with the kindle fire. The last line was from my original post.  The second to the last line was started on my fire but, because I suck at spelling and went to look at my original post to see how to spell \"carousel\"... well let's just say that the Kindle Fire feels those two lines are FORBOTEN!!!  The edit cursor would not go there... not in the hour or so I tried.  Hey....I was at work... I had the time and no computer... and BOY was it frustrating!!  I mean, I could see them ... they were right there at the bottom... why did the cursor hate me?!! Did we go on a date and I never called it afterwards?? Was it something I said about the dubious linage of it's Mother?  No... wait... that was after about a half hour of trying to get it to work... so that wasn't it.  What ever its reasoning, those last two lines were not to be edited... no way, no how.Seriously... DIRECTIONAL. ARROWS.  up, down, left, right.... that's all I am asking for.SO.. the second to last line SHOULD have said:8.  They fixed the carousel... kind of.  Now it only shows what books are actually on the Fire, the last apps that you used and the last webpage you were just at.  Okay.  That's a Start.  BUT.... now I can't get to my book archive.... not even in the Cloud.  Now, I have about 150 books that I have bought from Amazon, only about 20 of them are on my Fire.  I know that it is only an over sight that the cloud is now off limits... but I'm just saying.  See, my complaint was not that the book library had every book that I ever bought(that I expect, even want), just that they were on the home page for God and Country to see with a flick of the carousel.  Maybe Amazon should add a \"Add To Carousel\" options just like they have an \"Add To Favorites\"8.  They fixed the carouselover all ... for the price... I like it... it could be better.. but for $199... well, its better then a poke in the eye with a sharp stick.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Great for the Price... but some frustrating Flaws", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1A38EEAQTQMC6", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 21], "reviewText": "I got my Kindle Fire yesterday. Setup was quick and easy, and the Silk browser has impressive speeds, but comparing the screen resolution to my iPad 2? The Fire is not even close. I streamed a movie last night, and even on the small screen the titles were heavily pixelated. While the Fire is not as easy to use as an iPad (nothing compares to Apple products IMHO for ease of use), it's still pretty easy. I am disappointed with how heavy the Fire feels as I was hoping for an ereader that would be less tiring to hold than the iPad. I also thought I would be able to play Facebook games on the Fire since it supports Flash, but the Facebook app is horrible. I'm giving the Fire about a week to show me something I don't get better and easier on the iPad, or it's off to eBay. I don't think this is a win for Amazon, even though I prefer Amazon's prices to iTunes on just about everything, so I was hoping the Fire might also be a strong competitor in the tablet market. Bottom line: you can get a well-equipped iPhone 4s for the price of a Fire if you can't stomach the iPad's cost. Better yet, save a little longer and get the real thing. I don't know anybody with an iPsd who doesn't love it.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Comparable to the iPad? No way!", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1HJNAQD9CDUDJ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 21], "reviewText": "I love my kindle keyboard; it's great.But, I will be returning my Kindle Fire.  The internet is SLOW, SLOW, SLOW.  It's practically archaic.  It hangs up over the simplest thing.I had a race on a CNN video with my husband this morning on his IPad vs the Fire.  His news story was almost half finished before the Fire even kicked in.It's also very heavy.  I'm just not happy after all the hype...bye bye FIRE...I'm putting you out!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "returning mine", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1KCV3168OMN2J", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 21], "reviewText": "I wrote a false review of the Fire after a brief trial of a Best Buy demo unit. My previous review was uninformed and a bit malicious. I grew tired of new tablets emerging with claims of being iPad killers, they all suck, and still do. I mean, they did, before the Kindle Fire.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "If you want a Kindle, don't buy the Fire. If you want a tablet, buy the iPad", "unixReviewTime": 1322784000, "reviewTime": "12 2, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1M7SDNKFNWH9Q", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 21], "reviewText": "Couldn't wait to get my Kindle Fire, but was awfully disappointed when I finally got my hands on it.  I found it to be very slow, and wasn't happy with the touchscreen.  Couldn't wait to get it, and couldn't wait to send it back.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Very disappointed!", "unixReviewTime": 1322697600, "reviewTime": "12 1, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1MKUQFLMJXQ51", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 21], "reviewText": "I bought the kindle fire after owning a kindle.  I am very disappointed in the product.  It seems to be more of a movie player than a e-reader.  First the older kindles are much easier to read there is little to no glare and no eye strain because of the pearl ink.  The fire is very difficult to read under certain lighting conditions because of the glare of the screen.  Anther very missed feature is the text to speech I am not sure why this was taken out and why it is one of the few androids systems that cannot use it.  I used to use this all the time but now I am unable too.  I really do think because of these things listed above needs to be corrected to back the kindle fire usable again", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "missed featurs", "unixReviewTime": 1324425600, "reviewTime": "12 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1PVJICI412IN4", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [13, 21], "reviewText": "first off, i love amazon as a company, am a long time prime member, and spend thousands a year at amazon.com. my expectations were not that the kindle fire would be an ipad equivalent. i fully understood the device as it was advertised before buying it. with that said, here is my review:size is nice; its a lot heavier than i expected. user interface is not very intuitive, even when you familiarize yourself with the basics of the ui, you find yourself fumbling depending on what youre running at the time. and i find myself having to tap things repeatedly as the initial taps do not register for whatever reason. perhaps the device is struggling to distinguish swipes from taps... silk browser is not faster than i would expect an ordinary browser on a mobile device to be.video playback is not the best--for a screen this size, you should be able to watch hd content, but it seems the device maxes out at standard definition for video (and i tried amazon vod, as well as netflix). from the looks of the video quality, the kindle fire doesnt take full advantage of its screen resolution for video. it struggles to play 720p youtube videos unless the scene is fairly simple (closeups, speaking); even just people walking causes stuttering. speakers are not bad, but i think they wouldve been better placed at the bottom, as this way the sound bounces off of surfaces like desks, etc. (magnifying sound for the end user), rather than going into the air willy-nilly.you can download movies in your amazon library (videos you have purchased), for offline viewing it seems, but there is no download button available for the free selection of videos for prime customers. also, when you download the videos from your own library, they are very low quality; not even standard definition dvd quality (e.g., 83 mins for one movie i own, and the file size for the offline file is 390MB--pretty pixelated).default connection wizard is not the best if youre trying to get on a business wifi that requires a username and password. i had to cancel out of the initial setup and then manually go back into wifi settings to get the proper prompts for the wifi available to me. in fact, only after i went to the wifi settings manually did all the available connections actually appear.double tap zoom is clumsy--it zooms gradually, rather than instantly, and the animation is a little choppy.for the price its not a bad device, so i will say its OK, hence 3 stars. relative to other tablets in this price range (which i have no experience with), it may be the better option, but ive come to expect higher value from amazon in general as a baseline, so this device leaves me unsurprised, unimpressed; they are not setting the bar high with this device, in my honest opinion.bugs: playing flash video from espn.com (which is a featured site by default) made my kindle fire lockup, and i had to do a hard shutdown with the power button (screen was completely unresponsive). browser has crashed on me quite a bit at random times. screen randomly acts as if it were locked when it isnt--i will sometimes rotate the device wanting to go from landscape to portrait mode, n vice versa, but the screen doesnt follow along.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "first impressions: nice size, bad ui, unresponsive, video playback SD", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1TTI6KOFN3Y0A", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 21], "reviewText": "The Kindle Fire is not impressive to anyone who has Apple products.  If an iPad glides through its operating system, the Kindle Fire clunks through it. If the iPad is a graceful swan, the Kindle Fire is a Dodo Bird. It froze  on me the first time I used it, and trying to read a magazine and a newspaper was next to impossible. It is awkward and a bit unreliable. Webpages don't seem to fit and it is just not fun. An iPad is almost impossible to put down, and I used my Kindle Fire once and decided to give it away and get myself an iPad. I thought it would be a good substitute for the iPad, and it is not.Plus it is HEAVY! My wrist hurt when I read with it for just 25 minutes!Now, luckily I can afford an iPad, and because of this, the Kindle Fire cannot compete with an iPad. If I could not afford to buy the iPad, I would be happy with the Kindle Fire.  For $200 it is a great pad, it just is not for anyone who thinks it will provide the same ease of use, reliability and creativity of an Apple product.  PLUS if you have your entertainment files on iTunes, there is no way to view them on Kindle, and if there was, it was not easy to find other than an awkward app that did not work.Bottom line: if you think the Kindle Fire will perform like an Apple product, it won't.  If you don't care, have never used an Apple, or will not ever spend $500 on a tablet, the Kindle Fire is for you.For me, it was a $200 mistake, but will make a nice gift for someone..", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Heavy and not fun. But you can't beat the price.", "unixReviewTime": 1324425600, "reviewTime": "12 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1TYY0WVZ6HCR3", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "chooker97", "helpful": [18, 21], "reviewText": "I've been playing around with my new fire for a couple of days now.  I liked the Silk browser at first, due to it's functionality being very similar to Opera Mobile.  But accessing an Exchange Server via Outlook Web Access (OWA) on that browser was driving me crazy.  It would show the list of emails, then freeze up not allowing me to scroll or zoom.  Then sometimes after very long pauses, it would open an email listed.  I also had similar issues with a corporate Google Docs email site.  So I decided to download the Opera Mobile 11.5 apk file from Opera's website and copied it over to the Download directory on the kindle via usb cable.  On the Fire, I navigated to Settings->Device and turned on \"Allow Installation of Applications From Unknown Sources\", then opened up the AndroXplorer app that I had previously installed from the Amazon app store, and used it to browse to the Download directory (the full path drilling down using that app ends up being: sdcard/Download) containing the opera apk file and clicked it to install.After successfully installing Opera 11.5, my web browsing experience on the Fire is now amazing!  It's MUCH faster rendering pages than Silk was (even with Silk having the benefit of building up browsing cache, which is supposed to help it).  Also the OWA & Google Docs websites now work fine.  I was able to copy and paste my silk bookmarks over to opera to create them there as well. :)Using the new web browser also provided the side effect that I could use the Opera app store to install other Android apps on my Kindle Fire.  By the way, the main google app store still wouldn't allow app downloads with Opera.  Apparently that app store will not allow downloads because it doesn't recognize the Kindle Fire as being an Android OS.I've also checked out some of the Fire's base doc/file type support and found that the Gallery will only display a list of the files who's file types it recognizes:It displayed JPG format images, PDF files, and MP4 video files that I copied over.  Other files such as Microsoft Word and Excel spreadsheets, MOV videos, and even plain text (txt) files were not displayed to the user as a list even though they were present in the same location on the Kindle Fire (Documents folder).Other things I've fooled around with:- I copied over some comics (via usb) in CBR format over to the Documents folder and pointed the Perfect Viewer app to that location.  It found and indexed the CBR files into its own \"book shelf\" for me to select and read.  Since that app has pinch to zoom functionality, it makes reading comics a very good experience on the Kindle Fire.- I copied over some free mobi formatted ebooks that I had on my other kindle. I placed them in the \"Books\" folder on the Fire.  The Fire added them to the book shelf next to my ebooks that I have bought from Amazon.  What was surprising to me was that when I opened one of the free books on the Fire, it had synchronized the last reading position I was at from my other kindle.  I knew the Amazon/Kindle app had that ability for books bought from Amazon, but apparently it keeps track of whatever I have on the kindle as long as I have the same book on the other device.  When going back to my Kindle 2, and syncing (via 3G Whispernet), then re-opening the same free book, it popped up a \"Sync to furthest page read\" message with the last location I browsed to on the Kindle Fire.  I thought this was very cool.- Decided to download several apps from the app store (silk browser).  It cued them up for background downloading similar to how an Xbox 360 does it.  You could go to \"Apps\" afterward and see the various App icons with down arrows if they were still being downloaded.  While that was going on, I had the Fire playing some MP3 music files and navigated back to the Silk browser to browse other websites.  Just to see how it would do with download activity and music playing while I was browsing.  The device handled the multi-tasking fine.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire + Opera = WOW", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1VKNILBEF8TED", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 21], "reviewText": "This device is all about amazon, insidiously designed for impulse buyers to feed the corporate coffers and buy Mr. Bezos another spacecraft to blow up. I don't think I have ever used any electronic device so distinctly useless for any type of productivity. It was a gift, and it will be returned pronto. Small wonder so many of these given for christmas and valentine's presents are already for sale at deep discounts on craigslist and ebay. Other than subjecting a credit card to serial abuse, I can't think of any reason to own a Kindle Fire. To top it off, it doesn't even do what it is supposed to do well. The touchscreen is balky and often non-functional. Wifi connections are flaky. Transferring any type of previously purchased media is exercise in frustration fit for a seasoned masochist. And for what it is, it is heavy and cumbersome to use. About the only positive is that the screen color is nice. So there's your one star amazon, blazing brightly.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "sucker bait, useless for producing anything, totally a sales tool for amazon", "unixReviewTime": 1329350400, "reviewTime": "02 16, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A1WLZQ9URJAWJ5", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 21], "reviewText": "It has a nice look it is a gift so I won't be able to review it entirely until then but hopefully it is worth the money", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Kindle", "unixReviewTime": 1323388800, "reviewTime": "12 9, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1ZDH5EDKFXO6H", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 21], "reviewText": "i bought this so I wouldn't have to go to a starbucks everytime i wanted to use it.....I bought this  solely for my bus commute daily and it does me no good..the amazon prime is a nice idea but you have to be in a wi-fi hotspot..It would have been nice for a 3G network to be included(that will be the next version)..The book portion is decent but i could have spent 69 bucks if that's all i wanted...So i guess I'll have to spend money on downloads that i didn't want to do...that's what my I-touch was for.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "dissapointed", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A229SI29DGZ8C3", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Jon Arking", "helpful": [19, 21], "reviewText": "I was looking forward to the release of the Kindle fire for quite some time. As a long time fan of the Kindle, I was on the lookout for the next generation of the e-reader that's changed my life so much. When I started to read the marketing hype about Amazon Silk browser, I was intrigued. I liked the idea of a portable web appliance for my home and office. A 7 inch screen was just the right size for that round-the-house browsing my family would enjoy. For example, I liked the idea of ordering takeout through a restaurant's website on a portable device, then handing the device to my wife and kids so they could order what they want. I had considered buying an iPad in the past for that purpose, but at $500+ that seemed pricey, especially for a device that wouldn't support Flash. For $199, I was now going to be granted two wishes at once: I'd be getting the next generation e-reader, as well as full-featured a portable web browser.My enthusiasm was quickly diminished. The device is VERY frustrating to use. Touches don't register very easily. Unlike my other touch devices (which, for the record, are not only iPhones and iPads, but other Android and even Microsoft devices as well), the movement of images and forms on the screen is slow and sticky. Simple tasks such as selecting a book or recently-used app from my home screen are tedious, requiring multiple touches to register the selection. The browser is a horrible HORRIBLE disappointment. The pages are slow to load, and difficult to move around. I am unable to scroll a webpage while it is still loading, and it's difficult to tell when a page is fully loaded. That gives the impression of a frozen web page a lot of the time. Normally I wouldn't complain about that. If a page is still loading, then I should wait for the content to complete, right? However I found that most of the time the page content loaded just fine, but then I was stuck waiting for the Flash ads to load. What's worse, the page isn't disabled while it's loading. Instead, it registered your actions, and then executes them all at the end of the load, leaving you lost in a link, out of focus, and annoyed with the experience.The Flash support is a joke. Almost every Flash-enabled site I visited made my browser crash! Some pages, such as Speakeasy.net's broadband speed test tool (Speakeasy.net/speedtest), seemed to work at first, but then returned consistent script errors when halfway through the test. The Flash that DID work was limited to those horrible advertisements that slow down page loading. Now I have all of the hassle of those horrible animations and little or none of the benefit of the more powerful plugin-enhanced experiences. Some sites worked, but the experience was insufferable. Hulu.com rejected my web request due to the Android platform on which the Fire's OS is built. That was disappointment #1, but at least Hulu was honest about their lack of support. I went instead to Crackle.com, another online streaming content site powered by a LOT of Flash. It took me about 10 minutes and multiple tries before I got the movie \"Step Brothers\" to play in the web page. The crashes and errors I received seem to come from Crackle's Flash-based age validating tool. \"Step Brothers\", a rated R picture, could not be viewed on Crackle without entering my month, day, and year of birth on what appeared to be a Flash-scripted user interface. Bad news. My touches weren't always picked up. When they were, the screen had shifted and I inadvertently selected the wrong date or year. As the fields expanded and collapsed, the content shifted back and forth, causing me to constantly loose my place. The movie did eventually load, and seemed to play for a while with no further issues.In addition to the software, there are frustrating elements of the physical design. The lack of a home button is just ill conceived. I can't easily discern which way the device should be held to hold it right side-up. When I'm caught in one of those page loading freezes (no doubt waiting for some messy Flash turd of an advertisement to load up) I can't just hit that escape button to go back to the home page. Instead, you tap on the screen towards the bottom of the panel to get the Home page icon to show. Obviously if the device is not responding to your touches, you can't easily escape. Also, the on-off switch is very easy to accidentally hit. I sat with the Fire on my lap to read a magazine I downloaded and my belt kept pushing the power button., I didn't realize what was happening the first few times. I thought the device was crashing. Thankfully it was just my clumsy movements. Still, to be fair, I never had that problem on my other Kindles, or on other mobile devices for that matter. I do like the size and shape of the Fire. Unlike the iPad, it is a perfect design for a portable web surfing appliance. In fact, I went out to a doctor's visit and took the fire with me, and it easily slipped into my [admittedly spacious] inside jacket pocket. Ipads aren't meant for that kind of portability, but e-readers are.On a personal note, I think Amazon went a bit overboard with the Cloud integration. We all like the idea of storing our content safely, and flexibly on Amazon's massive server network. Yet when buying videos, books, and music I now have a two-step process to get my purchases on my device. This is no doubt designed to mitigate the seemingly paltry lack of local drive space. Nevertheless, when you are unable to connect to a 3G network you need to be 100% sure that you have all that you need ON THE DEVICE before you leave the WIFI hotspot. That  wasn't very clear to me when I downloaded my first video. Excited to view some purchased content from Amazon's vast array of TV and movie media, I downloaded an episode of \"It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia\". I purchased it through my Fire and ran out to meet some friends in the bar for a beer. When I tried to play the video I just bought I was peeved to realize my purchased content was still floating in the cloud. I never took the extra step to download it to the device. Yes, it's easily fixable, and the cloud does have a lot of advantages. Still, I would hate to buy $25 worth of magazines for a plane trip and find out IN the clouds that I left my content ON the cloud. The irony of that pun would be eclipsed by my teeth grinding frustration.As far as connectivity goes, I'm ok with WIFI, even though it departs from Kindle's otherwise well-conceived purchase model. Remember, I am a die-hard fan of the original Kindle. One of the greatest, most brag-worthy features of the regular Kindle is the 3G-connected Kindle store. I can buy books, magazines, and other e-reader content from anywhere with a 3G signal without an account with a cellular provider. The purchase goes directly against my Amazon.com account. The Kindle Fire has no such cool 3G option. It would have been terrific if Amazon enabled 3G for purchases only, however one can easily understand the difference between downloading an e-book, versus downloading movies, songs, and surfing the web.Bottom line: I feel this first version of the Kindle Fire is a let down. At $199 I never expected it to do all of the wild thing an iPad does. What I did expect was that the tools it did deliver worked as well or better than those same tools on competing products. Do I judge the Fire for not have an accelerometer, compass, or even a camera? Not at all. However do I expect the well-hyped Amazon Silk browser to work as well than, say, Safari on iOs? You freakin' bet I do. Unlike so many reviews that are forgiving of Amazon's many misses because of the low price tag, I feel the need to chastise. The folks at Amazon need to focus on what they DID deliver, and make those tools work well. Instead, it almost feels as if Mr. Bezos and the gang bought into the it's-cheaper-so-it-doesn't-have-to-be-perfect attitude a little too much.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Was hoping for way more...yes, even for $199!", "unixReviewTime": 1322352000, "reviewTime": "11 27, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A24ODI3EXMDGO1", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 21], "reviewText": "We bought our 13 year old son the kindle fire for Chritmas. He was so happy 15 minutes later it locked up. What a disappointment he was crushed. his big gift of the year and nothing all day just a frozen picture. VERY NICE Amazon way to go way to ruin a kids Christmas. A very upset 13 year old.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "disappointment", "unixReviewTime": 1324771200, "reviewTime": "12 25, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A253APCY0L70DA", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 21], "reviewText": "I can't wait to buy this tablet/ebook reader. it's a good competitor to the ipad 2 according to the reviews at youtube, andi know that I'll love this tablet. Great for the price. According to the youtube speed test reviews of the kindle fire vs the ipad 2they have very good speeds.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "I'll buy this soon", "unixReviewTime": 1322092800, "reviewTime": "11 24, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A25QCRZEUCKW35", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 21], "reviewText": "Sorry AMAZON.  I am a big supporter, but not this time.I was so looking forward to receiving this device.  When I finally received it, I found that is was not going to be as useful as one would like.Yes, there are PROS. You can buy AMAZON items, download videos, music and books. The feel and look were nice.  This is a great basis for expansion to the second generation device that we all want, maybe need.But there are CONS- AMAZON forgot to add 3G.  I felt locked into a room with WIFI capabilities.  My laptops do that.  Also, there was no sense of security on the device. There was really no password protection and it came loaded with my identity. The absence of ports was quite disconcerting.  This is expected from a any device these days. Last, no GPS capability. The Mapquest APP knew the registered home address for the device, within a half mile, but was not too useful.Well, received Friday 6:45PM. USPS actually threw it at my door. By Saturday 4pm it was back to my local UPS shop en route back to AMAZON.Now I will be looking forward to the second generation AMAZON FIRE.  Hopefully, AMAZON will make this the device that I want to buy from them and keep.  3G, GPS, ports, security...I may even use it as a reader.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "HIGHER EXPECTATIONS- RETURNED WITHIN 24 HOURS", "unixReviewTime": 1321747200, "reviewTime": "11 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A25ZQYDO7UWA4T", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [9, 21], "reviewText": "I ordered this thing on day one, my fourth Kindle. I bought it specifically to listen to e-books using the text-to-speech feature. The idea that they would not have this feature on the top of the line model did not occur to me because it was on every previous Kindle. I am very disappointed in Amazon for this omission. I suspect they cut the feature because they own Audible.com who sells audio books for a much higher price.To add insult to injury, they restrict the apps that one can use to those on in the kindle app store and they do not have a decent app for organizing and listening to podcasts.To make matters even worse, the maximum volume on the devise is so low that one has to hold the thing like a phone to hear anything.This is the kind of heavy handed treatment that I would expect from Apple, not Amazon.Get your act together Amazon!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "DO NOT BUY THIS IF YOU LIKE TO LISTEN", "unixReviewTime": 1322697600, "reviewTime": "12 1, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A285F4ZPXXE6TE", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 21], "reviewText": "I went back and forth over what to buy my son. At first it was the nook color then when the Kindle Fire was announced.. I thought this might be a good choice. He is an avid reader so I think he will like the books, and he also gets some games. His birthday is Thanksgiving ..so we will see. I'm worried that he might be distracted.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Bought it for my 10 yo son", "unixReviewTime": 1321920000, "reviewTime": "11 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2BHUAPPFTWPYE", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 21], "reviewText": "I was very excited for the Kindle Fire and had it on pre-order. It arrived and I was immediately a bit surprised at the form factor. It's surprisingly heavy and the power button was instantly identified as being in the worst possible place for a power button ever.The power button was the most annoying issue. I constantly shut it off on accident. I then reversed the orientation so it was upside down. That helped, but then there was the problem of the Lock Screen not flipping with the orientation. It causes confusion when you pick it up, see it one direction and unlock and have everything flip. It was a really poor user experience.As for the software, that was even worse. Horribly buggy. I had the Silk browser crash frequently. Even the reading app would crash (though only on PDFs, but I didn't read very much since I was constantly annoyed by it).I'm giving it one star because of the price. You can't get any 7\" tablet with the specs at that price. Unfortunately it just isn't worth the discount. I value my sanity at a lot more than $50 (for the Nook Tablet) or a bit more on top of that for other tablets.Really, in comparing it to my first generation iPad the Kindle Fire is a giant step backwards. It is like watching the original-original 1977 Star Wars, where you can see just how bad the models are. When you watch it and you think, \"How did we possibly watch that!?\" Using the Kindle Fire evokes that feeling, it reminds me of working on ancient computers with miniscule hard drives. Trying to work on those computers was a pain, but it was the only option we had. Fortunately we're in modern times now and there are plenty of other options out there.I returned it after 2 weeks of daily usage and my blood pressure dropped immediately.The best part of the device? Returning it, which Amazon made so easily.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Worst device in modern times, unfortunately.", "unixReviewTime": 1323475200, "reviewTime": "12 10, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2BJB0R1FXI67O", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 21], "reviewText": "The Kindle Fire is the worst device I have ever had the displeasure of owning in my life. It is the most clunky piece of shit it constantly freezes when trying to watch videos and the app store is terrible. So if you are looking for a good device steer clear of this 200$ paperweight.  P.S Good job amazon you did a amazing job on creating the worlds best piece of shit!Kindle Fire, Full Color 7\" Multi-touch Display, Wi-Fi", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Your product SUCKS!!!!!", "unixReviewTime": 1345161600, "reviewTime": "08 17, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A2GQ4ZBH66LI8Q", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 21], "reviewText": "Keep your $200 to yourself, there is a reason why it's cheap. Right out of the box it asks for wifi access, you connect then software update starts. It then hangs and becomes totally useless. You only see \"Kindle Fire\" text. Do a quick google search for \"kindle fire update problem\" you'll see that this is happening quite often. Problem is device comes with an adapter only so no usb cable to hook it up to your computer. Even if you wanted to search online and try to update the software yourself you'd be out of luck. Your only option will be to return the device. I'm sure return will be easy which I haven't tried yet, but you will be wasting your time for no good reason for a device that doesn't work.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Stay away, it won't work!", "unixReviewTime": 1321920000, "reviewTime": "11 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2HU05SR3SKBP3", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 21], "reviewText": "NO TEXT TO SPEECH, REALLY AMAZON?  I will be returning mine, never dreamed you guys would pull a stunt like this.  From now on I'm going to think twice before ordering anything from amazon.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "NO TEXT TO SPEECH", "unixReviewTime": 1325203200, "reviewTime": "12 30, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2KZ0C717S21B1", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 21], "reviewText": "and some of my favorite Android apps were not available.  It's a closed system with limited usefulness beyond shopping. I sent it back and bought an iPad.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Like spending $200 to gain entry to a shopping mall.", "unixReviewTime": 1321920000, "reviewTime": "11 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2LOQ35BN6VFJB", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 21], "reviewText": "the delivery process was horrible UPS man threw box over balcony and did'nt even deliver to door or have anyone sign luckily box wasnt stolen but contents inside may be broken very dissapointed with the service of delivery on this item and this was a gift for my fiancee. She is very upset and so am I wouldve expected better delivery with my purchases from amazon and UPS. This is by far the worst service I had ever recieved and especially when this was a kindle that was delivered and how it was rough housed and mishandled like this very very upset. I paid over 250 dollars for all this stuff I bought with my kindle and for it to be handled in such a manner makes me think amazon doesnt care that their customers packages are being handled in such a way and if it is damaged their is no way to prove it was UPS", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "bad delivery", "unixReviewTime": 1329868800, "reviewTime": "02 22, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A2OKAF0U45JO52", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 21], "reviewText": "Well all amazon stuff comes in brown boxes.. well so did this with a big amazon kindle fire stamped on the side. TOTALLY reuined my surprise for xmas. that was the stupidest thing ever!!!Love the kindle tho.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "DAM IT AMAZON", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2RSTWSQDLYHYX", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [12, 21], "reviewText": "UPDATE 3/20/12: You can now buy a Certified Refurbished Kindle Fire for only $169. I own one and and they are just as good as a brand new one and carry the same 1 year warranty and have the same 30 day return period. They look like new and come packaged just like the brand new ones. If interested check it out:Kindle Fire, Full Color 7\" Multi-touch Display, Wi-Fi(look for the \"Save $30\" box). Offered periodically, watch for it.UPDATE 1/23/12: You can get a Free App every day for the FIRE. Search Amazon for \"Apps for Android\". Click on \"GO\". Then click on \"Deals\" near the top of the page. Scroll down the page to the Discussions. Select the discussion \"List of Free Daily Deal Android Apps for Kindle Fire\". Click on yellow bar on top right side of page to \"Track this Discussion\". Once you do this you will get an e-mail every day linking you directly to the free App.I wanted to dislike the Fire because I already have other Kindles, but I've had too much fun playing with it to have time to write a really detailed review. So here is my summarized but still not so short opinion of the Fire.This is my first tablet, so my expectations may not have been as high as other peoples. I think at the low price of $199 this device is excellent as is, but also has GREAT POTENTIAL. It is designed for entertainment and checking your e-mails and it does that very well. But once you learn the in's and out's of the Fire it does SO much more. The screen which is made of gorilla glass is scratch resistant so you don't even need a screen protector. But do get a case for protection and one that allows for landscape(horizontal) use to take full advantage of what the Fire has to offer. The colors on the Fire are vibrant and the fonts for text can be changed to your preference.(text size too can be increased or decreased)It is really nice for Audiobooks, the volume is excellent and the speakers are very clear. Books are much easier to read on the Fire then I initially thought. You have 3 options: black text on white background, white text on black backgroung and sepia. I like the sepia option, I find it to be softer on my eyes. Some media like certain magazines were not designed to display well on a screen smaller than the iPad, but others look excellent. There are lots of App you can put on it, many free and others you have to pay for (Amazon's offerings are growing all the time). And I have to say, it sure is a lot more fun using Apps, especially game Apps, on the Fire as opposed to my iPod because the screen is so much bigger. And less pinching and zooming in general due to the larger 7\" screen real estate.Amazon's Kindle staff has also fixed one of the biggest problems with the Fire, the Carousel (which shows everything on your Fire: books, apps, etc). You can now delete things you don't want to see on the Fire and just leave them stored in your Cloud or Amazon account. They can always be retrieved later. This is an important change since the the Fire does not use an SD card and the internal storage is limited to 8GB. It allows you to manage what you have on your Fire so you have everything you want available, but don't waste precious space with movies, books, apps that your no longer want there.If you have Amazon Prime the Fire will provide even more pleasure as you will be able check out a free book every month from the Lending Library AND stream many free movies and TV shows to your Fire via Wi-Fi. Of course the newer movies/TV shows cost $ to rent. Even if you don't have Prime, if you own any movies on Amazon you can download them to the Fire and watch them whenever and wherever you are; as many times as you want.In my opinion, the Fire still needs a little fine tuning. The on/off button is way to easy to hit when you're doing other things and the Fire really needs an external volume control. Sometimes the screen icons take a second or two too long to respond. Screen refreshes are a big laggy on Wi-Fi at times. The battery life could be better (but so could the battery life of my cell phone). Many of the things that you may want to do like move music, pictures, documents or videos to it, will require you to do some reading on the Kindle Support page:http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=sv_kinh_9?ie=UTF8&nodeId;=200127470or research or ask questions about on the Kindle Forums:http://www.amazon.com/forum/kindle?_encoding=UTF8&ref;_=sv_kinh_7There is a learning curve to this device if you want to use it to it's fullest which requires you to learn how to side load apps to it for better browsing and file organization and to take advantage of apps not offered on the Amazon Kindle Store but available for Android devices at other Internet sites. But you don't have to learn everything right away. You have plenty of time to learn at your leisure.Despite some room for improvement, the negatives in no way detract from the many positive wonderful things the Fire can do. Overall, it is a great device and well worth the $199 and I seriously doubt you will be sorry you bought it. You will want to take it everywhere with you.Comment: My sister (who was never a computer person or game player and certainly not techie) bought one mainly to check her e-mail. She insisted she didn't like games and her husband was emphatic that she would never use the apps. Well, the Fire has changed all that that and my sister is now part of the 21st century. She's finally discovered games likeAngry Birds Free,Plants vs. Zombies (Kindle Fire Edition),Fruit Ninja Free, playsWords With Friends Freedaily, has side loaded lots of pictures and l even rents a movie now and then.NOTE: Modified to remove old, outdated content.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Great Tablet That Is So Much Fun You'll Have Trouble Leaving It At Home", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2SIWBEQB1OS0G", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 21], "reviewText": "I bought the fire when it came out with the intention of developing android software (which is a HUGE pain to do with the fire) ... Amazons custom distribution of android is seriously lacking when compared to stock Android 3.0/4.0 that's included with other android tablets ... the amazon app store has a terrible selection and the device is pretty clunky", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Horrible", "unixReviewTime": 1339804800, "reviewTime": "06 16, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A2U3MDCPLHMVF7", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 21], "reviewText": "I am sad to say I had a kindle exchanged it and upgraded to the fire what a mistake. I do not think the fire is user friendly. It did not come with a USB cord only a power cord,This was useless to my purpose of download files from my computer. I feel I made an extremely bad choice.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "If I only knew", "unixReviewTime": 1325808000, "reviewTime": "01 6, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A2WMGROM79ESDG", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 21], "reviewText": "I too will be returning my Fire.  So sad as I was really anticipating it's arrival for so long.  My worry is - seeing it is loaded with all my credit card info. how safe are we in just returning it.  Hate to close my credit card.  Too many auto payments attached to it.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Sending back but kinda worried", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2YR8DSIHRRZQX", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [9, 21], "reviewText": "Wow.  I read every review I could get my hands on before I ordered the Fire as a birthday gift for my daughter.  Amazon must give those guys some GOOD STUFF in return for their glowing reviews.  As my daughter is 10 years old, she absolutely loves that she has her own e-reader and tablet.  As a father and owner of the credit card that I was REQUIRED to keep on file, even after I had put a gift card on her account, I am less than pleased.There is no way to protect my account from anyone who gets their hands on the Fire.  There is no way for me to place spending limits on my daughter's account.  If I have a $25 gift card balance, why should I have to keep a CC on file?  I know this device is less than half of the price of an iPad, but all of the reviews I read before I received it claimed the Fire was the best competitor out there yet.  Not even close.  Oh yeah, the Kindle's browser is painfully slow, too.I will be looking for an update soon, as I know Amazon is better than this.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Glaring Gaps in Expectations vs Reality", "unixReviewTime": 1322611200, "reviewTime": "11 30, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A33JWQHR2Q6SU5", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "T. J. Scott \"senior player\"", "helpful": [16, 21], "reviewText": "I didn't open my fire kindle until Thanksgiving although I pre-ordered and received about the 15th. We set it up and I noticed you had to touch the screen several times before it registered then it was not always right. I thought I would give it a chance and it improved. A few days later it would not recognise my w/f which is very strong. I called Amazon and they had me clear my Fire and start over, which worked. This morning I started to read my book and my fire would not turn on even though I knew it was fully charged. I plugged it in and it was deader than Marley. I called Amazon and they told me to wiggle the cord and wait for an hour for it to work, duh! I told them no sale, but I did try it before I boxed it up to send it back. I was going to buy one for my daughter in law but no way.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "dead in two weeks", "unixReviewTime": 1323302400, "reviewTime": "12 8, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A37KYD7QCWKY4X", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 21], "reviewText": "The Kindle changed my life. While I expected to be able to read thousands of books I had no idea what awaited me. With the touch of a button I was sent hundreds of years back in time. With a few more touches of a few more buttons I was able to avoid WW2, help the Titanic avoid the iceberg, find a cure for cancer but most importantly prevent Gigli from ever being made. The only drawback is it's hard to aim. As proven by when I accidentally released a dinosaur into the year 1987.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "The Kindle changed my life", "unixReviewTime": 1322092800, "reviewTime": "11 24, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A388KNV094E8C6", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 21], "reviewText": "I ordered the Kindle Fire the minute it was announced and was looking forward to getting it.  As a Kindle lover and frequent user, I could not wait to add this device to my collection.  The minute it arrived, I sat down to explore it.  Imagine my disappointment when I immediately noticed it's many flaws:* Power button is located at the bottom.  Easy to accidentally turn the device off* Won't hold charge.  I have charged the Fire 3 times (fully charged) and after just 30 minutes of browsing, it is out of batteries again* The carousel is terrible.  There is zero privacy and no way to change it.  Sure, you can clean your browser history, clean your cache....but who wants to do that after each browsing session?  The carousel is way too big and touch sensitive as well.  What on earth was Amazon thinking?* Browser is slow* Volume control.  No button for this.  Seriously, Amazon?!* Prime videos can only be streamed and cannot be watched off line.* No way to organize folders or collections* Heavy and bulky (feels like a device from 2005)* Does not support proxy servers (again, seriously, Amazon?!)I could actually go on and on.  There really is very little to like about this device.  I wanted to like it.  I really did.  But after playing with it for a couple of days, it is going right back to Amazon.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Terrible!", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3A14FKDJKT1X", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 21], "reviewText": "Ok, so you have bought in to the hype like I did.  You have your bright new tablet at home for $199.  Now, intead of up-front cost you have decided to use the Amazon pay as you go plan.  They should name it Amazon GoTablet.  Load your own movies?  haha  It plays one type on all two, yes 2, players.  Will not play avi.  Will not play xvid.  So, get ready to convert all of those files yet again into a different format.  Or, you can BUY them all over again, which is what they want you to have to do.  I am not an ipad fan either, my wife has one...not a fan of having to use itunes to load and unload everything.  Antiquated.  But at least there is a great app called AVPlayer that will let you open itunes and drag and drop ANY type file and play within seconds.  You will almost have to be an app developer to get the most out of the Fire.  And 5GB of space?  Really?  On the road with no wifi?  Get ready to run out of multimedia in a hurry.  Want to load more?  Tough.  Go home and get your laptop or delete some items, hunt for wifi, and buy something new from Amazon.I am tired of hearing PRICE PRICE PRICE from all of the reviewers.  You still have to buy a ton from Amazon...most moderately new material is $7-$10.  How many of those before you catch up with the price of those tablets that can home 5-7 times as much.I had such had hopes that Amazon would do the right thing.  Back to my Kindle 2.  It plays all of my music, holds plenty of books and I can even load my own pdf files.  It does what it is supposed to and more.Seriously, 5GB of memory?  Did you all read that...5GB of available memory (the operating system takes up the rest).  Use this more than once a day and get ready to load and reload all the time.The bottom line is, if you have an iphone, this item will disappoint you.  I can do more work in 1/10th the time on my tiny iphone than I can with the Fire.  With the Fire it is like they built the case first, then built the rest.  What didn't fit simply got left out.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Short term entertainment only.", "unixReviewTime": 1323388800, "reviewTime": "12 9, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3C84LV1PNG5P1", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Amazon Customer \"SF Entrepreneur\"", "helpful": [17, 21], "reviewText": "I ordered the Kindle Fire the day it was announced, and I had waited two months for this.  I have a Kindle 3 and I love it, and I trusted Amazon to make the Kindle Fire a great experience.  Unfortunately, because of the following reasons, I'm returning it to Amazon:* No physical volume button* Extremely audible hiss from the headphone jack -- I use high quality headphones but the hiss even at very low volume really distracts from the experience* Videos look mediocre to bad -- I looked at many videos I know are HD on both YouTube and Netflix.  On the Fire they look low-res and often pixelated.  Both YouTube and Netflix look WAY better on my iPhone 3GS, and that's simply unacceptable to me.  It's also not because the 3GS has a smaller screen.  I've seen these HD videos displayed beautifully on iPads.  Both the Fire and the 3GS were connected to the same wireless network.* Bad email client -- I've used many Android phones that all have better email clients than the Fire, because they use the client that comes with Android rather than some Amazon-made client.* No calendar client -- I'd like to enter my Gmail credentials and have email, contacts, calendar all work seamlessly.  Shouldn't be too much to ask for.* Non-standard browser - Silk really falls short.  It might appear okay at first, but Amazon is trying to solve a problem that didn't exist.  The native Android browser is standards-compliant and so much better, and Amazon should've just used that.  For example, clicks sometimes have unresponsive behavior.  Also, Silk is not \"location aware.\"  There are some websites, such as Google Maps, that use your current location.  Foursquare also does it, and I'd like to have the option of sharing my location with the site, but the Silk can't do it.  We really don't need another browser and I guarantee you there will be more problems people will discover with Silk.* Appstore is lacking:  Some of the popular apps, such as YouTube and Facebook, simply point to a website.  Android apps for them exist, just not on Amazon.  If you come from iOS or an Android device that has access to the open market, get ready to be EXTREMELY disappointed by the app selection.* Gets \"stuck\" very often -- lastly, the Fire gets unresponsive quite often and makes the experience very jarring at times.  Ask yourself this, \"Am I willing to deal with having to tap the screen 5 times to get something done?\"I'm so sad to say that the Kindle doesn't do anything better than my old combination of iPhone 3GS + Kindle 3.  In fact, most things are worse.  I'm willing to try the Fire 2 again, but Amazon really didn't meet my expectations with the Fire, not by a long stretch.  Sigh..... and to think I was so excited about getting this for the last two months.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Reasons I'm returning my Kindle Fire after using it for 3 days", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3FVRAKU87WMMP", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 21], "reviewText": "There is no reason to buy a Kindle Fire except that it is cheap.If you really want to do a variety of things with your device, get them done quickly, and have compatibility with the other computers and devices that you own, buy an iPad.The very first thing about the Kindle Fire I purchased that really annoyed me is that I cannot connect to Dropbox, which holds everything that all of my other computers and devices connect to from a variety of locations.I suppose there is some ridiculous proprietary issue for Amazon, which wants, of course, to dominate the world, but I don't care about Amazon. I want to get things done.The Kindle Fire has no real benefit other than cheapness, and you already that you get what you pay for!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "$$$ the ONLY reason to buy a Kindle Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1322179200, "reviewTime": "11 25, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3JCHX9G5O2ZB4", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 21], "reviewText": "This device has the potential to really hurt iPad sales if only it had the usual 3G connection offered by other Kindle products.I think the next version will offer 3G.  I would gladly pay an additional $50 for 3G.TTFN!", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "I'll wait for the 3G Version", "unixReviewTime": 1321920000, "reviewTime": "11 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3TDTXSRE5DEP6", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "killbot100011", "helpful": [18, 21], "reviewText": "This product has not disappointed. It does everything I ask for which is pretty much checking email, web surfing, playing games, watching videos, and reading books. Had an ipad2 and used it for those reasons but sold it two months later. This is much more affordable. I think it's a little ridiculous how there are some idiots out there who give it one star because it's lacking one feature. Wake up people, Amazon never said it was a tablet. You should have done more research. I'm very happy with the speed and overall features and the fact that we now have hulu and netflix is huge. I know I got what I paid for and much more.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Lives up to expectations", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A9AMWM0EYZ4J2", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 21], "reviewText": "I recommend not buying this product until it meets the quality of the previous kindle devices.  Not all features have been included yet.  I am waiting until it has better speakers and I really would only buy a kindle device that included one of my favorite features...text to speech!  Hoping to see these on the next model.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Why no text to speech and better speakers?", "unixReviewTime": 1322697600, "reviewTime": "12 1, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A9E2QDD53ACQS", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [10, 21], "reviewText": "It is Monday Evening, got my kindle fire last friday, have not been able to connect to anything. I have now contacted them 9 times and still no luck. This has been one of the most frustrating things I have ever done, want my money bach and I will try the new Nook!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "What?", "unixReviewTime": 1321833600, "reviewTime": "11 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AAZ30DKGDNVEX", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 21], "reviewText": "This is one of the most over-hyped, under-delivering devices in recent history.  It matters not that it's well-priced at $200, if it doesn't deliver on the features that are supposed to make that price a bargain.  There are plenty of tomes describing problems, so I'll make my list brief:1.  Insanely too heavy for a reader.  I had to keep switching hands as this clunker kept wearing out my wrists.2.  Web-browsing a nightmare of monumental proportions.  Slow, unresponsive, finicky, won't load all web features, won't respond to links clicked, suddently will load a link not clicked, will randomly jump around, will randomly shut the browser off.3.  Frequent freeze ups.  The entire screen becomes 100% unresponsive and won't take you anywhere, not even to the main menu.  The only time I didn't experience a freeze up was while reading books.  But refer to #1 above for the joys [not] of reading books.Maybe it's great for playing movies or music, neither of which features I care for.  I bought this Kindle Fire for 2 reasons alone: to read ebooks and browse the web.  In both these functions the Fire fails miserably.  Which makes it a $200 heavy clunker device that's useless for its intended purpose.I bought the baseline Kindle, and it is perfection.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "An infuriating piece of junk", "unixReviewTime": 1323907200, "reviewTime": "12 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ACJ7G6OQXAXMY", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "A. Sridharan", "helpful": [20, 21], "reviewText": "UPDATEI've had this for 2 days now, and love it! For $200 bucks, it does more than what I expected it to do. People were impressed when I took it to my office, especially by how good the 7\" screen looks...they thought it would be too small, but not!  In comparison, I think the iPad looks obnoxiously big...one of the reasons I stayed away from it...it was too close to the size of a laptop screen, and if it needed to have a bag of its own, it ain't a hand held is it!  Kindle fits nicely in the palms.------------------------------Have had this on my hands for less than 30 mins now...so far so good!The initial excitement of opening it out of the box quickly turned into disappointment as the device blanked out after 5 mins. I thought it was the battery, so charged it for 3 hrs, and still didn't work.  As I was working up my frustration on the product and instantly comparing to how Apple puts so much care into customer experience, I called the Amazon help desk...the technician was extremely courteous and helped me reset the device...had to hold down the power button for 20 seconds...and it worked!!Now for the good part. Web pages are loading reasonably fast...and here's the best part - my acid test - I'm watching a live streaming of a cricket match that is going on in India right now, and it is streaming beautifully, no buffering, no loss of clarity when expanded to full screen.  And mind you, this is off a free website, not like an ESPN paid content or anything.  So, in my books, this is a fantastic start for the product!The device feels good in my hand.  I like the rubberized back, it sits well in one hand. The keypad is good, and you can feel the key touches, which I like. I read elsewhere that this is gorilla glass, and very scratch resistant...I like that.  However, while navigating, the fingers feel a little sticky on the screen...so I'm having to press down a bit harder than on an iPad. The quality of the audio is not bad...it's not great sound even at full volume, but good enough for a device this size.  You can always plug in your earphones. I connected it to my Bose sound dock, and the quality of the output was very good.I'd say this is so far a good product for the price point.  Not an iPad killer, but if you were like me, wondering what you needed the iPad for in the first place, and found the price point to be standoffish, this is a good product.  And honestly, I like the 7\" screen...I found the iPad to be too big to be a handheld device, and was part of the reason I didn't find it appealing over a laptop!", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "First Impressions", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AIDB9HCHBZ6BJ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [13, 21], "reviewText": "This is *not* a power-user tablet computer: I can type faster, more accurately - and the screen is more responsive - on my 2 year old HTC Nexus One.What the Kindle Fire is - is a great, inexpensive, small media/entertainment device. I got mine to experiment with as a tablet, and after 1.5 weeks gave it to someone who loves it as a book reader/game/occasional basic web surfing device.The reason I give it 2 stars is the flawed touch-screen interface, and the bugs. Hopefully most of the issues I encountered can be fixed in software updates. I would give this 4-stars for price-vs-performance if the flaws can be fixed.PROS:+ Cheap+ Nicely backlit for night reading+ Durable screen & body - let the kiddos bang on it+ Above average battery life+ Great form-factor - Fits in small purses, jacket pockets, cargo-shorts, etc. (easy to whip out and ignore people, act like browser actually works)+ Great for books, comic books, and rudimentary web browsing use (Silk runs out of memory fast if you run too many tabs, or sites with complex JS)+ Nifty little game & movie device, albeit limited storage and anti-future-proof (WRT: no ability to upgrade storage/mem, or use external storage)CONS (DESIGN FLAWS):- Touch screen about as sensitive as a leper- Swipe and tap navigation grossly inaccurate due to above; like guiding a drunk sorority-girl from your car to your bedroomFor example: TouchDown - one of the main Android Exchange clients - has buttons that barely work no matter how you \"touch\" them. Nitrodesk may have missed the Kindle Fire App-Dev guidelines that recommend \"touch-icons should be sized large enough to identify from distance of ONE MILE\"- Power button positioned in easy-accidental-off position, like first PSP device (easy to hit with right hand holding in Landscape, and in Letter position the OFF is on the BOTTOM of the device - easy to trigger on your lap/belt)- Sound quality below average, even with good headphonesCONS (BUGS, that hopefully will be fixed)- Keyboard typing accuracy horrible in Landscape, bad in Letter (and I'm normally fast on these type of devices). Really hope it's not the screenSilk browser slow and clunky:- Silk sub-optimal handling modern, Web 2.0 JS-heavy apps (Google Docs)- Silk cannot handle many tabs open - think this is a design/memory issue- Silk does not deal well with user state across tabs. - I had to log back into amazon.com 20+ times tonight, while browsing Amazon using my Kindle which incidentally uses the same ID.Identical actions on iPad & other android devices worked seamlessly - in fact I switched back to OSX to write this review after getting booted/de-authed TWICE trying to write review.- Wireless integration immature: if your wireless access point requires OoB auth (like web-auth) Kindle's background service will not understand you are logged in, and nag you endlessly that \"you need to log in\" when you don't. The pop-up will mess up anything you are typing, every few minutes.Bottom line:Several friends and family were debating buying this for a \"multi-purpose tablet computer\" - and my response is \"NO\". Too many bugs. iPad all the way, for the money. Or wait for next-gen Windows tablets.OTOH - If  you are looking for a cheap, portable multi-media entertainment device - the Kindle Fire is probably a GREAT BUY for people who just want to read, watch movies, play games, and/or let their kids do the same on it. It is actually quite effective at this if you do not mind the numb & dumb touchscreen.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Buggy beta product. Solid for $200 multi-media device. Not an iPad.", "unixReviewTime": 1322092800, "reviewTime": "11 24, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "APAB51N1MBWWM", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 21], "reviewText": "Truth is, you get what you pay for. If you pay $200 your going to get a piece of crap kindle fire. If you pay $500 your going to get a revolutionary device called the ipad. Your call", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Terrible", "unixReviewTime": 1336262400, "reviewTime": "05 6, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "AUKCJVRAXX4DQ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 21], "reviewText": "I could not cook my children's smores on this Kindle Fire!!! Better question - Why-Fi!?!?! No connection in Pine Ridge, Alabama.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Worst Camping Trip Ever!!!", "unixReviewTime": 1332115200, "reviewTime": "03 19, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "AUKWMSMVA5SI6", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [20, 21], "reviewText": "I have to say I have a Pomeranian with black skin disease as well as flea allergy..he had no hair except for his face and feet..hind legs are very black..we have tried all the lotions and potions and medications from the vet..this little dog has scratched the blood out of his neck and ear..I have searched and searched for something/anything to help him..I came across this online and read the research, watched the video's and read reviews. I was so desperate to find something to help him, so I ordered the system..about $95 for all..I have used it faithfully and I am here to tell you that his neck is cleared up and healed..his ear is cleared up and healed..and most of all his legs are the same color as the rest of his body now. It is working, I even called the company to ask if I could continue the treatment after the two weeks and they were very nice and helpful..they told me to continue until he is cleared up totally. It didn't happen to him overnight and it wouldn't clear up over night. Its been two weeks of treatment and he is so much better..yes it does smell like sulpher..but I don't care because it works and that's all I want for my little guy...we have covered the chairs and things that he sleeps on...I will highly recommend this product to anyone that has a dog that is suffering from some dreaded skin disease..I will be taking this product to my vet and he will be able to see just how much better my little dog is...I really dont' care if his fur comes back or not, just as long as he don't itch and scratch anymore and can live a happy and healthy life....thank you Dermagic for the reasearch and product..", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "This really works...", "unixReviewTime": 1322006400, "reviewTime": "11 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AVTY5M74VA1BJ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 21], "reviewText": "I got mine as a gift and I hate it! The screen hurts my eyes,I can't play my audio books on it. It dosen't have the text to speech feature that I use when i can't sleep. The touch screen is terrible the pages of the book turn too fast, you try to turn one and six fly past your eyes. All the positive features are basically things any smart phone can do.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "sending mine back", "unixReviewTime": 1324425600, "reviewTime": "12 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AWHQ61ZKSV1AI", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 21], "reviewText": "1. The Android OS/UI was fully supported without having to root the device.2. The device had SD card support.  My Android phone has a 32GB SD card and is half full of music and movies.3. Maybe this should be #1.  3/4G connectivity.  My Kindle has 3G and offers.  PLEASE do this with the Fire!", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "I'd buy one NOW if....", "unixReviewTime": 1326931200, "reviewTime": "01 19, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A10UHA7J2YHJEG", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [9, 20], "reviewText": "Well, I just got my Kindle Fire today.  I spent about 1.5hrs trying to connect to my home WiFi.  Unable to connect, I started a chat with Amazon Tech Service.  First question they asked was \"what ver software on the device?\"  I have v6.  He said I need to upgrade the device that just got delivered!  After looking at the instructions, I realized that I need a spec USB micro cable for the download...., not the USB that I have for printer, Blackberry or anything else...., I need the one that fits this new device I got that doesn't work yet.  Nice, eh?  Brand new direct from Amazon....., and when I get it I have to upgrade and I need a cable that they don't suppply to make it work.  Hmmmm.  If I were you, I'd think twice about getting the Kindle Fire.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire...Watch Out!!!", "unixReviewTime": 1321660800, "reviewTime": "11 19, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A11MED66Z68EE7", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 20], "reviewText": "Very disappointed.The touch screen is dreadful. You tap the screen in the same place more than once: sometimes you'll get a response, sometimes not. The menu and keyboard are both hard to bring up. Additionally, you have to \"tap\" so hard (actually, the word tap is an understatement) my finger actually hurt. I have no idea if I had a lemon device or if the Kindle Fire always functions this way, but I imagine mine is not the only one. I'm sending it right back where it came from.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "touch screen is disastrous", "unixReviewTime": 1321920000, "reviewTime": "11 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A11OBEH2ZCVAHX", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Seeking Disciple \"The Seeking Disciple\"", "helpful": [19, 20], "reviewText": "I received my Kindle Fire and will here present a review of the product.  Let me first cover the positives and then a few negatives.The Positives1.  The Size.  At only 7' inches, the Fire is compact but not much different from the old Kindle.  The unit is a little heavier than the old Kindle but not much difference there either.2.  The Screen.  The touch screen is easy to navigate even if you have not used a smart phone or an iPod touch.  The screen could use a little improvement and I will note that below.3.  The Light.  The screen is well-lit.  In a dark room, I needed to turn the light down as it is bright.  For watching videos or playing games though, it is perfect.4.  The Apps.  Much like the iPod, the apps are easy to find and easy to control.  While Amazon doesn't have a lot of apps yet, I am sure more are on the way.  The apps appear along with your books on the front page in a scrolling menu.5.  Books.  Amazon, of course, allows you to store your books in the Amazon cloud that allows you to essentially read as much as you want to and store off of your Kindle.  The genus of this is that you can download as many books as you want to and it doesn't affect your memory on the Fire.  I have plenty of room on my Fire for both apps and books.6.  Navigation.  The Fire is easy to navigate.  Again, if you have used a smart phone or an iPod touch then you would have no problems with the Fire.7.  The Color.  The colors on the Fire are excellent and compare to the iPad.8.  Internet.  The internet works well on the Fire though not fast.  It is efficient.9.  The Price.  The bottom line is that the price of the Fire is worth it.  I paid $200 for mine and after using it now for a good day, I would say that is a fair price for this unit.The Negatives1.  The Screen.  Some other reviewers have noted the glare on the screen.  I noticed this as soon as I opened my Fire and turned it on.  It is a weakness.  The other negative of the screen is that the touch is very sensitive.  If you so much brush the screen with your clothing or hand, you'll turn the page while reading or go out of an app.  This is annoying.2.  Sharing What You've Read via Twitter or Facebook.  I use to share what I was reading from my old Kindle on Facebook and Twitter regularly.  The Fire is not as easy to share with and takes some work to do so.  I have yet to share with the Fire.  It's that tough.3.  Internet.  I noted above that this was a positive but the only drawback of the Internet on the Fire is the speed.  The iPad is much faster than the Fire in terms of the Internet.  However, I don't plan on doing much on the Internet with the Fire so I will not let this worry me.4.  Highlighting.  On the old Kindle it was easy to highlight what you were reading.  The Fire is not as easy.  The touch screen is too sensitive and this makes highlighting tough though not impossible.  Notes are difficult as well.5.  Typing.  The small screen makes it tough to type with.  Unlike the iPad, the Fire was not built to be typed on but the drawback of this is that games that require typing (such as Words With Friends) is not easy.  I keep misspelling the simplest words because of the difficulty in typing.6.  Sound.  Much of the pictures I saw of the Fire before it was released showed people listening to the Fire via headphones.  Now I see why.  The sound is so low.  I tried to watch a video on the Fire and even with the volume turned wide open, it was difficult to hear.  You'll need headphones if you plan on watching videos with the Fire.7.  Battery Life.  The old Kindle had a battery life that would last days with high usage.  The Fire does not.  The battery life has gone down greatly with limited usage.  However, the old Kindle obviously didn't have the amount of things that it was doing as the Fire does so I will let this one slide.ConclusionWould I recommend buying the Fire?  Yes I would.  It is comfortable, easy to use, and while it is not a perfect unit, it is very reliable and useful.  I love to read and have found the Kindle and now the Fire to be almost required for good reading in our wireless generation.  The price is good and with Amazon cloud, you can read as many books as you can possibly purchase (both for money and for free at Amazon) and know that it will not take up room on your Fire.  I am pleased with my Fire.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Despite Some Flaws, I am Pleased With My Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A14JBGJPCM2M2C", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 20], "reviewText": "The Kindle Fire is a color e-reader with a below average browser.  If that's what you want, go ahead and waste $200.  If you really want a tablet PC, go to one of the big boys.This can't even be considered a tablet.  It is an e-reader, and an average one at that.  Misleading, albeit, genius advertising for the Fire made it pretty successful, but I'd imagine that luster will wear off soon.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Get what you pay for", "unixReviewTime": 1325721600, "reviewTime": "01 5, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A14VZP8WO43EW", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 20], "reviewText": "I ordered mine the first day the Kindle Fire was announced. I was really looking forward to owning one.Unfortunately I received one with a defective AC input and I had to return it. Evidently they are presently backordered and they can't ship for another week. I would've have thought quality control would have been better for the premier.I'll probably buy a Toshiba Thrive instead.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "I Hated to return it!", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A17E7K3MQ5KKR5", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 20], "reviewText": "Check this out[...]This amounts to buying reviews, like buying votes. The reviews can't be trusted. My wife recently bought a Nook for our son, she wondered about the validity of the reviews for these items. The link above explains her concerns!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "fake reviews", "unixReviewTime": 1327795200, "reviewTime": "01 29, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A18H6KCOM1IPDZ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 20], "reviewText": "I wanted the Fire for my birthday gift, so I ordered it, my husband paid for it. I had read all the reviews in Consumer Reports & the other magazines saying it was going to be better than all the other eReaders in the $200 class, etc.We just bought our 1st eReader a couple of months before the Fire, an Aluratek Libre, (the old $79 one), for $50 at BJs.com, free shipping. My husband took that, so I'm getting the Fire. The Libre came with: a power cord, a USB cord to connect to our computer, a set of earbuds, a cover, and a wrist strap as accessories. It also has a slot at the top that will hold a memory chip (up to 32gb) for expansion. For $50!!When the Fire came I eagerly opened it, to find: the Fire, and a power cord. That was all!!!!!!! No accessories, nothing!!!! AND no chip slot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  For $199!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I expect to get good value for my money, and I DO NOT shop with companies that offer cheap products or bad service. I have told Amazon how disappointed I am with them over this. I hope they understand that this means they are on probation with me. Another rip-off like this and I will take my considerable business elsewhere.Now to the Fire itself:Amazon: More instructions would be helpful.  There really isn't anything in the box (nothing actually), and everything I checked out online was for the Kindle Touch, NOT the same thing, by any means.I wanted the chip slot so I could carry all my music with me and arrange it the way I want, and access it the way I want. I do not like the \"Cloud\". I really don't  like the way iTunes or Windows Media Player arranges things, and I hate having to create playlists. What I want to listen to one day is not necessarily what I want to listen to another. I would rather just have everything on a chip, and if I want to copy/paste all of one artist's songs into a folder I'll do that. Yes, it takes up more room, but it's easier, and faster in the long run. I also am not going to put 8,000 songs into the Cloud, especially since most of them are from my private CD library.I don't watch video much, so that's not an issue. I haven't tried to put any photos on the Fire - oh, wait, if it had a chip slot, I could carry them there!I access the internet via a 4g/3g wireless connection from Verizon.  Everything loads fast.  I had a problem with my original 5-spot, but that was a Verizon problem, not the Fire.  Once I upgraded to the new 4G, everything has been great.Downloading books from Amazon or the public library has been wonderful, once I figured it out.Finding all the free apps: (I refuse to pay for any after spending $199 for the Fire and another $80 for accessories: $30 for a cover, $15 for protector shield, (worthless), $35 for stylus and USB cord (should have been included with Fire for free).The apps are interesting.  The FREE Reversi, Backgammon, Sudoku (2 of them), are all excellent quality games.  Also a Dice game that's like Yahtzee.  Very addicting.I've tried 2 Solitaire games that are OK, (I like to play the Forty Thieves version) but I can't seem to ever win.  The one game crashes when I come close.  Coincidence, probably.*****I HATE the Carousel function.  It's too large, and moves too fast.  Also, even after something has been deleted from your Fire, (a library book you have returned, or a downloaded app you deleted), the photo for it stays on the Fire for a week or two!  Really annoying, and takes up too much room.Also: BE WARNED!!!!  Once you move something to the Favorites shelf, if you delete it from the Fire later, the photo stays on the Favorites shelf forever, too.Amazon: \"DELETED\" means \"GONE\".I have to be honest, there really is a lot of stuff I love about my Fire, but these are things that are on every eReader in the $200 range.The lack of a chip slot was a deal breaker for me.  I would not buy this product if I had to do it all over again.  I would buy the Galaxy Pro.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire - Not So Hot", "unixReviewTime": 1323475200, "reviewTime": "12 10, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A192ANVUKGV22Y", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Bruce Kessel \"avid reader\"", "helpful": [15, 20], "reviewText": "Most of the reviews have done a good job detailing the new Kindle Fire, but the BIGGEST issue I have with the product is that my kids can purchase any book, movie or music without authorization.  This is totally crazy.  Plop this device into \"juniors\" lap and he could be watching someone being cut to pieces or some nude seen in two seconds.  Not to mention accidental purchases.iPads, iPods and iPhones require the appleID password for a reason!I'm a big Kindle user. My family owns 5 of the monochrome devices, but the Kindle Fire is too open door.Please don't make this a discussion on parenting.  This is a technical issue.  Purchases should be authorized.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Great product, but open door for unauthorized purchases", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1CIUBV9BT03TJ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [0, 20], "reviewText": "kindles are a joke if you want to do anything for free like android, im rooting this pos to make it useable", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "what a wast of money", "unixReviewTime": 1333843200, "reviewTime": "04 8, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A1EE1G3WM22T4S", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 20], "reviewText": "This was a purchase I made at my husband's request.  The kindle is at best....second rate.  The response to the \"touch pad\" is pathetic.  My husband struggled with it and I thought it was a problem with him not being used to a touch screen product.  After using it myself, I realized how pitiful an attempt the Kindle people had made at trying to simulate the iPad.We promptly returned to Amazon (who totally rocks!) and I gave my husband my iPad and upgraded myself to the iPad2.  He has never been happier.  I may convert him from a PC gut to an apple man.....maybe.....Thank you Steve Jobs....you will be so missed!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Worst Electronic Purchase EVER", "unixReviewTime": 1325376000, "reviewTime": "01 1, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A1HRNIVA2E8HWJ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 20], "reviewText": "Would LOVE to purchase this item but not with a tiny 7 inch screen .... so I am patiently waiting for a 10 inch model to appear.  Not sure how much longer my wait will be !  Anyone have any inside info ??", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "PATIENTLY WAITING FOR A 10 INCH VERSION !!!!", "unixReviewTime": 1331078400, "reviewTime": "03 7, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A1KLB5C959ASQU", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 20], "reviewText": "Huge disappointment. You buy books, download them and they're all blank.  You pay for nothing. Would you go to a bookstore and leave with an empty bag and feel that's ok?  Well Customer Service thinks that's ok.  The books you buy and download are readable on the iPad but are completely blank on the Kindle Fire. Cust. service was worthless and promises to follow up with you on a solution but they don't call back.  It's a known bug but no solution.  I'm appalled at Amazon for such poor quality customer service and a terrible product.  I expected more from Amazon.  Returning it ASAP.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "BOOKS BOUGHT ARE BLANK. GOING BACK", "unixReviewTime": 1327104000, "reviewTime": "01 21, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A1M6PST60JU6CJ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 20], "reviewText": "didn't want to shell out the big bucks for the IPad, so I got the Fire. I got it for travel, watch lots of TV shows and movies on planes. If you're in that situation, this product is not for you. 2 big reasons; 8 Gb is not ample space for long haul/round trip travel. The cloud storage is an issue, because I'm forced to download in hotels, which can take hours on hotel WiFi. Also, once you've downloaded a movie from Amazon onto the device, the rental period (24 hours) immediately kicks in, so it's not wise to pre-load movies and take them on the plane either. All in all, not worth it for mutli media. Bite the bullet and get the IPad.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "don't bother", "unixReviewTime": 1323302400, "reviewTime": "12 8, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1P9X9F40MQS9T", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 20], "reviewText": "I could have lived without this.  Should have returned it.  Nice idea and all, but they missed the market by not coming up with software that is familiar with other such devices, e.g., iPad, Samsung, and a ton of others.  They could have set this up like all the others, but they opted to make it look like a bookcase.  Begs the question as to why they bucked an already friendly and established lay out.  Not exactly user friendly IMO.  I'd rather have the 3G touch model.  I end up going back to my other Kindle and not bothering with the Fire very much at all.  I'm a bit disappointed.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1322956800, "reviewTime": "12 4, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1UJW36RLOK9QQ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [0, 20], "reviewText": "Did I say, \"too small\" ? Can't compare to an iPad. And, by the way, the Fire is waay too small!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Too small, too small !", "unixReviewTime": 1333324800, "reviewTime": "04 2, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A1VL31B20D5YT3", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 20], "reviewText": "The new kindle fire is awsome the only real problem for us international customers is we still have to wait a while to use all that it offers.  But for those who can its worth the money and a must have.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "international customers", "unixReviewTime": 1322092800, "reviewTime": "11 24, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1VSQQOP08XLD", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "DarkLord1", "helpful": [15, 20], "reviewText": "I really wanted the Kindle Fire to be good.  I was really looking forward to something that was a true alternative to the iPad in both function and cost.  Unfortunately, the Kindle Fire came up short.  I don't own an iPad due to the cost but I do own an iPhone and a 4th Gen  iPod Touch.  I really like the iPod touch but was looking for something with a little bit bigger screen and a cheaper price.  The iPod Touch was a music player that morphed into something more.  I was hoping that Amazon would come out with a book reader that would morph into something more also.  When the Kindle Fire came out I was really excited.  I thought for sure that they had a winner here.  I went to Best Buy, looked it over and bought it.  For hours I was pinned to my sofa going through the device.  Over the next couple of days I came away disappointed.  It's a good start but it has a way to go.  Usually, I would start out with the \"pros\" but given there are few compared to the \"cons\", I decided to start with the \"cons\" first.Cons-the power button is on the bottom.  When I was holding the Kindle like a book, I continually hit the power button.  This became a huge annoyance as every time I hit, it would ask if I wanted to shut the Kindle down-the App store through Android is not the full Android Appstore.  You can only get Apps through Amazon.  Many of the apps offered through the Android App Store are not available to the Kindle.  To me, this is a huge deal killer.  What makes the iPod so unique is the availability of apps from multiple developers.  Amazon limiting the apps to just a few is the first step of a bad approach.-The Home Page - horrendous, horrendous, horrendous!!!  I can't say how bad this is.  If you have any type of Apple product you will know what I mean - the Home Page of the Kindle Fire has a \"scroll\" function much like iTunes.  The problem is that this scroll function has all your books as well as any last app and web page that you viewed.  I have many books and use many of the Apps.  By the time I go to the Home Page, I have this huge string of items that I have to scroll through.  Yes, I can add some to \"Favorites\" or just push on the headers to get me to a specific area but the \"scroll\" feature is terrible.  The fact that you can't choose a Home page or default page is another big misstep.-One thing to note on the Home page - if you go to a website that would be considered NSFW, it will show up on the scroll bar of the Home page.  And it is very, very visible!  The only way you can get rid of it is you must go through the setting and clear out your cache, history, cookies, etc. - just fyi-The reason I bought the Kindle was to be able to read my books and surf the web that had a larger picture than what I was getting on my iPod Touch.  This was a  major disappointment.  The web pages come up crisp and the books look good but it was a major strain on my eyes.  After about 30 minutes of reading a book and surfing the web, my eyes ached badly and I had a headache.  I thought it might have been the time that I spent on the Kindle but that was not the case.  I woke up the next day refreshed and looking forward to reading the news when thirty minutes  later my eyes hurt and I was getting a headache.  I tried everything - lowered the brightness, put light around me, everything.  In thirty minutes I had to put it down.-The Kindle Fire is heavy - heavy in the sense that my arm/hand was getting tired of holding it.  I'm a pretty big guy and this is light compared to others (per the specs) but it was still heavy over time.  It was fairly thick also.  The Kindle Fire in the store had a special lock on it so I thought that might have something to do with the weight but that was not the case.  It's pretty heavy.  Maybe I'm just used to my iPod Touch.-The web browser....I know that Amazon has been touting this but I just don't get it.  Yes, it's fast, crisp but isn't better than any other web browser that I use on my iPod Touch.  For starters, the browser doesn't always send a signal that it is a mobile browser.  I made sure to optimize the browser for mobile browsing only and still it didn't work all the time.  Almost all major web pages optimize for mobile devices now but the Kindle did not recognize them.  Maybe this what people are wanting in the Kindle but I like many of the mobile pages - CNN, Drudge, TIME, USA Today, Bloomberg and so many more.  When I went to their web pages, I only got the full version.-Bookmarks - a complete miss.  I have many  web pages that I frequent.  I like to categorize web pages to folders.  Finance Websites, News Websites, Reference Websites, etc....The Kindle Browser will not allow you to do that.  The bookmarked web pages are stacked like the Apple Bookshelf.  So, if you have a hundred websites, you're going to have to scroll to find your website.  I'm sure Amazon will say that the most frequent webpage can be found on the Home page but they would be missing the point.-The Kindle was not always responsive.  I had to push a link, button or App from 1-3 times before something happened.  Over time that became an issue for me.-The volume was another miss.  The speakers are not that good.  I was watching a movie on Netflix and when I wanted to change the volume, I had to stop the movie, go to Settings, change the volume and then restart the movie.  If the sound was still not to my liking, then do all the stops above.  Again, another huge miss.-The Android App store - huge miss - I wanted to touch on this again.  The one thing that made the iPad/iPhone/IPod so great is the App store.  If you look at my iPod Touch, with the exception of the email & contacts, not a single Apple embedded app is on my home page.  In fact, all of them are at the back of my iPod in a folder.  All my Apps are third party.  This is what made Apple such a player; they allowed third party app makers come in a make something better.  Amazon must do this.  I would have dropped the Amazon browser for Atomic browser or Firefox.  The fact you can't put the Silk browser to full screen is pretty bad in itself also.Pros-it's cheaper than anything else out there given all that you get-it's just as good as the other non-Apple productsI really, really wanted this to work for me.  I really am disappointed that it didn't meet what I was looking for.  Had the strain on my eyes/headache and some of the issues of the browser been better, I could live with the rest of the shortfalls.  I can read my iPod Touch for hours without the kind of strain I got from the Kindle Fire.  This was a deal-breaker for me.  Amazon really does have a great idea but they fumbled this one badly.  I don't want a camera, phone, etc.  I just want a light, easy to read Kindle with web capabilities and e-mail.  The wi-fi version is perfect and there is no need to have a 3G/4G plan.  That makes no sense.  I like the idea of Apps but Amazon must allow changes to the Home Page and more apps to run on the system - especially browser third party apps.I bought this at Best Buy and have to make the trek back up there.  I wish this worked but it didn't.  Hopefully Amazon will go back to its Kindle roots and try again.  I hope they get the second version right because I will be back if they do.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Almost - Needs work", "unixReviewTime": 1322438400, "reviewTime": "11 28, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1WEWBZY3MTCYM", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 20], "reviewText": "I have had the Kindle Fire for a little over a week now, and I think that is enough time to provide my first impressions on the device", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "kindle review", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1WUEAIKB94UVT", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 20], "reviewText": "I got this kindle fire to view netflix instant viewing, I don't think I can, I'm going to call amazon tomorrow and if this is not possible I'll send it back, to bad I liked the size, so much better the the ipad.I'll post more later.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "No netflix instant viewing??.", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1YIZ5KJQ9QLMZ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 20], "reviewText": "This looked great, but clearly this locks you into a paradox known as the Kindle Swindle.Sorry, I'm not about to sell my soul to get locked into an Amazon \"own-the-world\" of e-books.Gutenberg must be turning in his grave.Search \"Kindle Swindle\" for if you don't it seems that you'll rue the day that you didn't.It's sad too, I'd love to find an e-book reader, but I'm damned if I'm about to be ruled by Bezo's King of the E-book empire.Sorry, I've long bought books, and once bought I reserve the right to give them to a friend which I often do.As an RN I enjoy the book \"Phobia and Anxiety Workbook\" and have bought perhaps half a dozen and have given them away.  The Kindle Swindle ends that...once I purchase a book I lose all control over it.Though I was just about to buy one, I shall not now, and recommend that you do not either, for if you do you become a DRM (Digital Restrictions Management) peon forever!Say no to the Kindle Swindle!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Buy this and suffer........", "unixReviewTime": 1324080000, "reviewTime": "12 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A24HV7Q34GQ82C", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 20], "reviewText": "buy an ipad 2 its worth the extra money, the kindle has no apps a slow response time (movies skip as you watch them) and mine stopped charging above 40% after only 4 weeks. It has been returned for an ipad and couldn't be happier.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Kindle is a waste of money", "unixReviewTime": 1328313600, "reviewTime": "02 4, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A24MCWK4SPXU89", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 20], "reviewText": "Ok, let me describe a situation and see what you would think as a customer.  I preorder the Fire on October 2nd.  My coworker preorders after that.  We both select Super Saver shipping.  We live 15-20 minutes apart in the same part of Ohio.  Their Kindle shows up yesterday.  Mine?  Still waiting and shipping estimate says 11/28.  I both called and chatted with Amazon customer service and they say well mine may actually show up on 11/25 (gee thanks guys).  I also had them lookup the other order to compare it and find out why earlier preorders were not filled first.  Amazingly enough Amazon customer service says they cannot find the other order (even with all info to find it) and says \"well, you're order is still _within_ the Super Saver shipping\" so basically sorry charlie.  We can't do anything for you.So, I was torn between the Fire and the Nook Tablet.  Here is what I plan to do Amazon customer service (and p.s. you may actually want to talk to companies like DirecTV, Costco, or Disney who understand customer service).  When the Kindle Fire arrives.  I plan to reject it and return it JUST to cost Amazon money for the shipping back to them.  Then, I will take my money to B&N; on the Nook.Thank you Amazon for taking something that I was anticipating and excited about and turn it into \"customer service rhetoric\".  Next time maybe you will actually help the customer or actually meet the commitment of filling preorders first.Rating a 1 not because of the product (as I don't have it YET!) but because Amazon customer service needs to actually service the customer.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Apparently PreOrders don't get first priority on being filled and shipped", "unixReviewTime": 1321660800, "reviewTime": "11 19, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A26UEC3VOUB4DK", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 20], "reviewText": "I received a Kindle Fire for my birthday. I have been using it for a couple days now.I will be returning it.The device is slow and unresponsive. I have to touch the Back button several times before it responds. Scrolling is sluggish and slow. The window does not always resize when switching from portrait to landscape. That with the sluggish scrolling makes for a horrible user experience. I downloaded a couple games. Attempting to play them was awful. The touchscreen is not accurate and is glitchy. Even with the \"Carousel\" I have to tap an icon a couple times before it registers. -that is if I can get the damn thing to stop flipping on the correct icon!The web browser is slow to download content and the touch screen is not accurate. I have \"clicked\" several wrong buttons when trying to navigate. This and the lag time on the Back button makes web browsing painful.I entered my Gmail account info into the mail settings and checked my email.One thing I like about Gmail is that it groups email threads. Kindle Fire does not support that function. The email thread about getting together for my birthday (10 people, about 25 emails) suddenly filled the inbox. I had to \"load more\" to see anything else.I use a Gmail account for business as well. The lack of this feature will not work for me.There is no camera or microphone on the device. Web chat and Skype are not an option for communicating. Also there is no bluethooth, so wireless headphones are not an option either. The speakers are on the same side of the device. When watching a Netflix movie there is no \"stereo\" sound. All the sound comes from the left of the screen. The headphone and USB jacks and power button are on the bottom of the device. I have had the \"do you want to shut down\" message pop up several times while trying to use the device and accidentally pushing the power button.You can email files to yourself and the Kindle Fire will put them under the Docs tab. Fire supports JPGs. Unfortunately there is no picture viewer, or gallery type tab on the device. Everything is dumped under the \"Docs\" tab. There is no way to show friends images by scrolling through a gallery.I realize that Amazon is Seattle company and it is grey and rainy most of the time. Still, even when outside of my West Seattle house, in November, I can't see anything on the screen. The glare on the glossy screen makes it useless outside, even on overcast days.The Android apps for Kindle Fire are mediocre at best. The Facebook and Twitter app just open Silk with a tab to the their mobile sites. WTF? Why don't I just leave the two tabs open on Silk and hit the Web tab instead? There is no app for Flickr that I have found. This with the lack of built in image gallery support makes it useless for showing off pictures. -And it doesn't ship with a micro USB cable, so you can't even transfer files without buying a cable, that is cheap.Speaking of cheap, the Kindle Fire feels cheap. The satin back feels like plastic, and the glass screen feels like, and sounds like plastic. It does not feel like a solid, quality device. The device even flexes when you give it the slightest pressure.I tried typing this up on the Kindle Fire, but the keyboard was not cooperating. I tried to copy/paste what I had typed into an email, so I could edit it. I was able to copy, but the device would not give me the \"paste\" option. I lost my info and had to re-type in on my laptop and email it back to myself. It took me 5 minutes to move the selection ends to copy the entire email. No \"Select All\" menu presented itself.I am looking for something to check email, surf the web, and maybe share pictures and video with friends on. My laptop is big, heavy, bulky and takes time to start up, not to mention it has all my work files on it. My iPhone4 is nice, but to small to do any research on the web, or to type longer emails on.I was hoping to like this device, but that is not happening. Every time I try to use it I get really frustrated and put it down.For the Kindle Fire 2, I hope they add a better touchscreen, camera, microphone, Bluetooth, 3G (or 4G), image gallery support, speakers on each side of the device (stereo sound), a recessed power button (that isn't on the bottom of the device), and get rid of the carousel feature. Those improvements would be a start. I'm sure that if I kept this thing another week I'd come up with another 10-20 things that need improvement.Sorry, but the Kindle Fire is not a positive user experience.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "More frustrating than functional.", "unixReviewTime": 1321747200, "reviewTime": "11 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A29JRH4DZXPTQG", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 20], "reviewText": "I am extremely upset about the way my kindle fire which was meant to be a gift was sent.First of all it was a gift. It was in a box that was  clearly marked KINDLE FIRE. My wife took the mail in today and of course saw it. CHRISTMAS RUINED.Complaint #2I live in Queens NY. This package is too big for my mailslot so the mailman just leaves it leaning on the door! Written on the side (in case you didn't know) are the words KINDLE FIRE. $200 gadget to steal! I'm glad i'm not complaining about not receiving the thing at all. I want a full refund for the tax. Or a gift card or something. This is total BS. AMAZON RUINED MY FAMILY'S CHRISTMAS.I am cutting and pasting this in every comment section where this product is sold. I expect restitution.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire ruined my Christmas", "unixReviewTime": 1323648000, "reviewTime": "12 12, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2DGJ8T7C3HMCQ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Andrea Cole \"andrea cole\"", "helpful": [19, 20], "reviewText": "I LOVE LOVE my kindle fire.  at first i was no thrilled at all and a bit disappointed.  but after much playing  with my kindle fire I have some great tips that will make anyone LOVE  this kindle.  ok, for any books you have stored on your computer that your didn't download from the amazon store and your hoping to put on this kindle you have to convert those books to pdf form.  there are many pdf converting programs on the internet just search in google.  then purchase for free from amazon's appstore ezpdf reader.  then plug your kindle into your computer with usb cord and transfer all the books you converted to pdf form into the books folder. now go back to your kindle fire and install the expdf reader app, this wonderful little app will search and find all your pdf books you just put directly into the kindle folder, not the books folder but directly into the main folder!!  the backlighting on this app also makes it MUCH EASIER to read books and it has a cute bookmark tool. if you want to read epub that is no problem either,  just download the aldiko reader app from any site on the internet as a free download, load onto your main kindle fire folder, and hit sd card in the main menu and you don't have to convert your epub's.  i found that a lot of .mobi files i got from other book sites wouldn't work so i had to convert to either pdf or epub and epub works a lot better format wise for most books.  as far as the 8gb space i was bummed at first until i put all 700 of my books and tons of apps on my kindle fire.  And I still have over 1gb of space left, so I'm not bummed anymore.  as far as watching television and movies, if you want to sideload your own you can if you convert them to mp4 but that eats up a lot of space and memory on your kindle fire.  and unless you have a amazon prime membership after a month you will have to pay to stream movies and shows from amazon.  I found a good solution, all i really wanted was to watch a couple shows and have some good cartoons for  my son if he gets crabby at the grocery store.  well, they have a few good apps that have cartoon shows on them and play about 5-10 min. of a show, enough to calm my son down when he gets crabby!!kid tv, mytube kids, and tv.com, and hulu are some good apps if that will satisfy your need to watch tv on the go.  for me and my son, it's perfect!  overall, after being a bit disappointed I couldn't be happier, I just had to tweak a few things and figure out exactly what to do to make this kindle do what I wanted it to do.  Hope this review helps someone who was frustrated like I was in the beginning of trying to figure out your kindle!!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "LOVE IT! BUT HERE'S A FEW TIPS YOU WILL NEED!!!", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2EKEZ3ZCCGVG0", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [0, 20], "reviewText": "I bought the Kindle Fire the first day it came out and don't like it at all i return both of them it is slow and not at all what I was hoping for ( Don't waste your money even though they are cheap ) should have know better ......", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Reader1", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2ERF9PHYCVX4C", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 20], "reviewText": "I bought this kindle fire a couple of nights ago for my daughter to use on road trips and around the house. This device is great but its biggest (and to me the worst) down fall is that it doesn't have any parental controls so my 2 year old daughter is able to purchase what ever she wants and has. I will not be able to let my daughter use this device even though its what I purchased it for. My husband and I are thinking about returning this and getting the Ipad being it has parental controls.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Buyer Beware!! doesnt have Parental controls", "unixReviewTime": 1321833600, "reviewTime": "11 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2GQZS2HYAJOVX", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 20], "reviewText": "Terrible.  Get an iPad.  The Fire is barely fine as an ereader but as a tablet, stick with Apple, where they understand design.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Lousy", "unixReviewTime": 1323561600, "reviewTime": "12 11, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2J7A8PVFJFNRI", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 20], "reviewText": "What were they thinking? Why no 3G wireless? This is virtually useless without the 3G wireless. I don't want to be somewhere and have to look for a wi-fi connection to use my device.  Every other device worth its salt has 3G wireless. Why bother to put all these nifty features in and leave out the one feature that makes every other Kindle a cut above?", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Why no 3G?", "unixReviewTime": 1324425600, "reviewTime": "12 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2NB6FRPEN2XZ0", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 20], "reviewText": "am so disappointed in amazon. i order my kindle fire november 16th for 1 day shipping payed tht 3.99 ,oh did i mention am a prime member.am sitting here wondering where is my order why haven`t  shipped yet  ..? so i decided to call , this is now 11 pm ,speaking to this rep telling me that my order wont be ship `til they have more in stock  and that will be around 3-5 days.why did they take my 3.99 if they knew that they wouldn`t have my product to ship next day....am mad as hell!!!!! they better refund my 3.99 ....piss!!!!!1", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "boiling with rage right now!!!!!!!!", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2O1KBQKK5R256", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 20], "reviewText": "Device is too heavy to use as a reader.  Power button is on bottom and is in the perfect spot to accidentially turn off the device while holding the device for reading. I have a 105mb downdload speed and the web browser is slow compare to other devises I own. Worse part is many google android apps are not avaliable. I tried to go to android market and it redirects to the Amazon App Store.  Even worse is the integrated email app does not support MS exchange so I can not use my gmail account, contacts,tasks, labels, ect. I tried to get the gmail android app and it is not in the amazon app store. The only MS exchange app in the app store cos $10 USD. I tried it and it has minimal functionality. Says it supports 801.11n, which is a 5ghs Wi-Fi connection.  The device does not display any 5ghz wi-fi connections. In my home I have three 2.4ghz wi-fi connections and two 5ghz wi-fi connection, and only the 2.4ghz(801.11g) are picked up by the Amazon Fire. I plan on returning my Kindle Fire.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "disapointed", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2RZRXIOMV1OA7", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 20], "reviewText": "Just read a review of the Fire in the Wash Post yesterday, blasting the product.  I just purchased three for gifts and am wondering what Amazon will do when they start getting these returned by the hundreds.  They apparently missed the ball on this one.  I'm very disappointed and I'm guessing my recipients will be too.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Lemon??", "unixReviewTime": 1323734400, "reviewTime": "12 13, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2S728U0V6CZET", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Justin Brinkley \"Giant\"", "helpful": [18, 20], "reviewText": "I am writing this review using my new Kindle Fire, which I have been playing with for a few hours now and I love it. The size is just perfect, and the screen is fantastic. I hadn't ordered a case yet because I wanted to see some reviews on them first, but I should note that it fits fine in all of my kindle 3 cases. Some people have talked about how it won't open all kinds of ebooks, but it is easy to convert almost any type of ebook to the kindle friendly format using calibri. Its super easy to sideload your own files via mini usb(not included). About the only thing I don't like so far is how the two speakers are situated on top of the device, do if you go to landscape to watch a movie the speakers are off to one side. Ii guess headphones are preferred anyway for watching a movie.  All in all this seems pretty amazing. My wife is jealous.. I think she'll be getting one for Christmas.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "This might just replace my netbook", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2SPX2CUUN09S2", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [10, 20], "reviewText": "Edit (Made the review more compact, removed the name of amazon rep) 12/12/2011Fire is an amazing device..I love it. Have taken one star out because of credit card issue (see below):You are now connected to Amazon Rep from Amazon.com.Me:I want to remove 1-click purchase from my device because it is used by kidsAmazon Rep:Hello, my name is Alok. I'll be happy to help you.Do you want to turn off the 1 -click.Me:yesAmazon Rep:I've turned off the 1 -click.Me:But I need you to tell me how to do itBecause next time I need to buy something I will have to enable it againand then I will be in the same situationAmazon Rep:Please allow me a minute.Thanks for waiting.To turn off your 1-Click settings, go to Your Account here:[...]From that page, click \"Turn 1-Click off\" in the upper right corner of the page.Me:Funny because that's what I think I did and it didn't work..Amazon Rep:Please try it now and if you face the problem please let me know.Me:So now that you have disabled it, I want to try purchasing something and it should fail. and if it doesn't you would be able to help me, right?Amazon Rep:Yes, if you want to purchase I can turn 1-click right now.Me:no, I don't want to purchase.I want to make sure that a purchase attempt fails.So I need to try a purchase while it is disabled.Amazon Rep:Yes, it fails because I have turned it off.Me:I tried a purchase just now..and it succeeds..I purchased \"pinball deluxe free\"So there is something wrong.Amazon Rep:Please let me check.I've checked the details you can only prevent the kindle purchase when you remove the credit card .If you turn off the kindle 1-click it will not allow you to place the physical order by 1-click.Me:Thats not very good and that's not the help pages describe..and I am sure thousands of people would not understand this logicBut for now I am willing to live with it.so tell me how I can remove the credit card..because I don't see any such option.And thanks for your patience..Amazon Rep:I'm sorry for the inconvenience.Thanks for your feedback. I'll be sure to pass it along.You're welcome.Is there anything else I can do for you today.Me:yeah, my problem is still not solved..Can you please tell me how to remove credit card - because you said that would fix my problemAmazon Rep:Yes, I'm giving you the link from where you can remove the credit card.Please allow me a minute.Me:Sure. Take your time.Amazon Rep:To remove a credit card from your account, follow the instructions in this Help page:[...]Me:OK. Looks like I can delete all the credit cards that have been added.Amazon Rep:Please allow me one more minute .Me:I have deleted all the credit cards. If you can pass this information along, it will make buying things on amazon much harder for me.Amazon Rep:Thanks for waiting.I've checked the details this is the only option.But you can add the card whenever you need to purchase.Me:Great. So let me test whether it works or not.Amazon Rep:Ok.Me:Finally, it works. When I try to purchase something my Fire shows an error message.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Great but  limited device", "unixReviewTime": 1322697600, "reviewTime": "12 1, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2WF05QRWSPXLG", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 20], "reviewText": "Have been extremely unhappy with the Kindle.1) I turn it on and it registers me with my wife's account (she bought it for me as a gift).  Not too big a deal I was able to \"deregister\" and then put with my account.  If however it had got \"lost\" in the mail then whoever gets it has access to all the purchaser's amazon account.2) Carousel is a joke.  Not being able to delete books from the carousel is just silly.  I dont want hundreds of items on my carousel, and there may be a time I dont want everyone with access to the Kindle to be able to see my reading habits.  CS response has been to remind that we have 30 days to return the Kindle.  I will be taking them up on that.3) Web browser is horrible.  It was generally fast for me WHEN it would load the web page.  It seemed to load only about half the websites I went to the others just hung up.  I can access all of those same sites on my android phone without any issues.4) Cannot remove internet history.  Yes I found the settings to clear browser history.... and it goes away.  Unfortunately it seems to keep coming back minutes or hours later.... no matter how many times I clear the browser history it is only \"gone\" for a short while.  Maybe there is a different way to actually remove the history, but pretty major flaw when the \"clear browser history\" does not actually do its stated function.5) Device is heavy for its size.  Yes I know it lists the weight in the specs, but seeing it in numbers and actually using it are different.  It would make a somewhat stylish paperweight (maybe the best thing I can say about the device).6) No android marketplace.  So many of my favorite phone apps Amazon does not have on their store.7) Brightness settings are way too bright when reading in low-light conditions (ie bed).  Brightness is adjustable, but even at lowest setting is way too bright for dark conditions.In closing my opinion is if you want an e-reader buy any of the other Kindles or a Nook.  This is a huge step down from any of the other kindles or the Nook.  If you want a tablet buy something/anything that is not a Kindle.  Only reason I have not returned the device yet is I assume I lose my free Amazon Prime trial when I do.  I intend to get some christmas shopping done in the next couple weeks and at least get some value out of the hassle of owning this device.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Sending it back soon.", "unixReviewTime": 1321833600, "reviewTime": "11 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2X0M99LONUTJ8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [0, 20], "reviewText": "nooks are less laggy,a kindle with sd cards and ebooks arent even exclusive.that should be enough for you to reconsider.a kindle fire is the ipad of ebook readers.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "get a nook if you didnt buy a kindle yet,here's why", "unixReviewTime": 1331596800, "reviewTime": "03 13, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A2XF9X9SZEBXSN", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 20], "reviewText": "If expectations are set correctly, this device is not altogether disappointing.However, because it is Amazon behind it: it is disappointing. They should expect more from themselves.The Kindle Fire is the unholy love child of the Blackberry Playbook's hardware (which they have now on fire sale - pardon the pun - because they couldn't sell any), Google's Android software (which is a strange animal in and of itself), and Amazon's aspirations of a media ecosystem.Those are the expectations that need to be set: a failed piece of hardware and a developing software warmed over with Amazon love.Obviously the target is Apple's top-down hardware-software integration. But the shortcuts Amazon took with the two key components of that - hardware and software - are clearly evident.My biggest gripes:1) The power button - IS IN A HORRIBLE POSITION. I prefer to hold the Kindle with one hand, which almost requires the use of one finger to stabilize by resting the device on it from the bottom. This was done with the other generations of Kindle with no problem. However, with the Fire, I find myself inadvertently turning it off frequently. It is incredibly frustrating and almost a deal-breaker in and of itself. I have no clue what designer thought putting the power button on the middle-bottom was a good idea.2) Unresponsiveness - Many times when you tap, nothing happens. In my experience with an iPad, this never was the case.3) Beyond #2, OS in general - Without listing all the many thing about the shortcomings of AmazonAndroid that have been written elsewhere, I will just say it very much \"feels\" unpolished. It is workable. It does fine. But it doesn't shine. It doesn't wow. It doesn't \"just work\".4) WEIGHT - I know it is technically lighter than the iPad2. But because it is so much smaller, my mind wanted it to be much ligher than it was. My initial impression on picking it up was \"wow, that is heavy\" - and after a week+ of use I am only just beginning to not think that every time I pick it up.5) Lack of confidence in continued value - Amazon still seems to very much be figuring out their Kindle/Tablet strategy. I wouldn't be surprised at all if they totally redesign the next Kindle Fire (at least I hope that they do that). So, that leaves current owners left wondering if their device will have any resale value, or if it will be supported going forward.Those are just a few of the reasons I am selling my Fire after a week of use and going back to the Kindle I loved: the keyboard 3G. There was space between a phone and a laptop for the iPad market, but I'm not sure there is space between the iPad and the Kindle for the Kindle Fire... at least not in it's current form.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "You get what you pay for.", "unixReviewTime": 1324339200, "reviewTime": "12 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A30RYY4IUU8NAB", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 20], "reviewText": "first the good1 the price2 the screen3 the weight4 the daul core5 cuteness6 the battery.... for the pricethe bad1 no camera2 touch screen is lousy sometime3 no sd card slot4 no download of outsite of amazone video or music or book...5 no market6 you will buy alot of staff even if you do not need them", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Shopaholic machine", "unixReviewTime": 1321747200, "reviewTime": "11 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A31JIGYKCKWCHX", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 20], "reviewText": "Would it really have been to much of a hassle to include a users guide for those of us that are not PC literate?? No idea how to use these things! I bought 3 ! Over $600.00 for NOTHING ! Never again!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Refunds??", "unixReviewTime": 1324425600, "reviewTime": "12 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A34CL1YGCE4DPD", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [11, 20], "reviewText": "I'd never bought a tablet before, nor an e-reader, and was unsure which to buy: Kindle Fire or Nook Tablet? Or should I just buy an e-reader for the nice, easy-to-read screen? Some people on here seem to think dropping two hundred bucks on something isn't that big of a deal, but for me, it took months of saving (because I have a magical car that automatically knows when I'm going to be paid, and breaks down when my paycheck hits my hand. I'm sure some of you have the same car!) to finally be able to purchase one. I didn't want to make a poor choice.I would be using the tablet to watch movies, surf the net and read. Both Nook and Kindle do this fine. I'm not much of an app user and am probably the only person whose never played \"Angry Birds\" so I don't really care about having access to six trillions apps, so this aspect wasn't a deal breaker for either model. As long as I can get a weather app and maybe an app for local news, I'm a happy camper.What sealed the deal for me was two things: storage and feel of the device. The Kindle is surrounded with a plasticky-feeling black substance that, when I held the Fire, I put fingerprints all over. Maybe I have man hands or something, too, because my thumbs would cover the screen a bit when I held it in my hands. I didn't like that. There's not a lot of space to put your fingers when you're not turning pages. And the screen was smeared with prints within ten minutes. I was forever cleaning it with a soft cloth. The power button is in the most absurd place imaginable. I wonder if Amazon's tech folks had a contest to see where the worst place to have it could be? I turned the thing off three times inadvertantly before I just gave up. As far as storage space goes, I was somewhat satisfied with the amount of space, but am wary of this \"cloud\". I like having all my stuff with me, if that makes sense. If I wanted stuff floating in a cloud someplace, I guess this wouldn't be an issue. And only 1 gig of the space can be stuff other than what you've bought with Amazon. How dumb is that?! If I'm coughing up 200 bucks, I sure as heck would like to put all my music on it without worrying about space...and I can't even add more.Onto the Nook tablet. It is surrounded with a brushed metal that felt good in my hands. It's less prone to prints and there's room for my \"man thumbs\" to rest. The screen was as good as Kindle Fire. I like the idea of 16g, but know that, like the Fire, you can only use a teensy amount of space for your own stuff that isn't B and N. However, an SD-slot allows you to put more memory on the device and that can be anything you want. I like the idea of service techs right at the store to help me when I do something stupid. Amazon has great tech support, but I don't want to call 3 times and have three different people to help me out. Sometimes, I don't really understand their directions to help me, either. I'm computer duh. The reading screen was better in my opinion than the Fire, but both were really good.For these reasons above, I bought the Nook tablet. Enjoy whichever choice you go with.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "For those who've never bought a tablet but want to", "unixReviewTime": 1323129600, "reviewTime": "12 6, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A35E6KUSPLVHX5", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 20], "reviewText": "Considering returning the kindle fire, it is a dissapointing touch-screen tablet that was to compete with Apple IPAD and it dosent even come close!  Where is the apolagie from Kindle and the Fix to this problem? This is $200 that could have been spent elsewhere!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Major Dissapointment!", "unixReviewTime": 1324166400, "reviewTime": "12 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A36PY7D6B9AS51", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [10, 20], "reviewText": "I purchased this product for my 3 sons for Christmas. The premise was solely to be an ereader. I saw other reviews that compared this product to an ipad which I thought was unfair since I thought the main purpose of the product was to be an ereader, but with extra benefits. I am very disappointed with my purchase for several reasons:1. You have to register your Kindle which is fine except for the fact that once you do so ALL of your Amazon account information is accessible. Meaning, any purchase from your Kindle can be made with the one click feature just as the amazon website. The problem with this is if either of my sons decide they want to purchase a book or an app, they have free reign to do so! If my 3yr old decided he wants to keep touching the screen he can easily inadvertently make a purchase. Now when I deregister my Kindle just so that I don't have my account information accessible IT TAKES AWAY ALL OF MY BOOKS THAT I DOWNLOADED! The books aren't lost, you just have to register your Kindle again in order to see and read the books you have purchased.2. There is no text-to-speech for the Kindle Fire! I purchased this for convenience. It would be helpful if the books my 3yr old wants to read can actually be read to him when I am unable to do so, ie driving. (an audio book was not an option because, of course, they do not display pages or pictures.3. There is no way for me to catalog books or create folders to separate the books i have purchased for me and the ones for my kids.The Kindle Fire's touch screen is very accurate and the colors are vivid. As long as you have an internet connection you can download a plethora of apps, access social media sites, as well as make purchases via your tablet. This just did not serve my purpose as an ereader.  Sadly, I made my first big mistake with a purchase. I bought it before it came out! Patience is a virtue!", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "A Definite Deal Breaker!!!", "unixReviewTime": 1322697600, "reviewTime": "12 1, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A36WPPNX71HUZN", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 20], "reviewText": "Last night (11/28/11) i bought my kindle fire in best buy in Puerto Rico i got home very happy with my purchase and as long i kept using it the more i like it but all ended when i tried to redeem an e-book and when i tried to download free apps,i couldn't everything else was working perfect,browsing,Facebook,emails touch screen etc so i leave it for the night and today I contacted AMAZON customer service to consult my issue and the after a while that the service rep searched information the final answer was that i have to return it to my retailer because it wont work INTERNATIONAL!?? We are not in Europe or Asia, just because is Puerto Rico and they have us as an international country but we are part of united states region and a Commonwealth with U.S. we have a lot of American companies established here but I think this is some kind of discrimination and very disappointing.is not the device the device is excellent,is the company.as i'm closing this review i'm returning the tablet and closing the account,too bad.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Just because we are in PUERTO RICO!!!!!!!", "unixReviewTime": 1322524800, "reviewTime": "11 29, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A371D6W5KA051", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 20], "reviewText": "This Kindle is great for surfing the \"web\"!  I use my Kindle to browse my HUGE collection of child porn.  Fantastic product, it's very easy to keep balanced next to me while I finish \"pleasuring myself\". I WORK AT AMAZON!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Great item for watching tons of child porn", "unixReviewTime": 1335916800, "reviewTime": "05 2, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A37E6LL9E21YTG", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [9, 20], "reviewText": "My 3rd gen Kindle has had some problems since my toddler got a hold of it, and I don't have my own tablet. Looking at the Kindle Fire, I saw an obvious solution to both problems: a new e-reader and a handy-sized tablet. Unfortunately, it's not meant to be, and I returned the Kindle Fire after a week of desperately wanting to love it.The Fire really tries hard, and I can see this being a good device for a lot of people. However, I'm not able to look past the bottom line: it's a bad e-reader and a mediocre tablet.First, as an e-reader, it's very \"meh.\"The Fire is built like Amazon forgot that it'd be replacing e-ink Kindles; or, maybe they forgot what made the e-ink Kindles such a success. Either way, the Fire is no good to read on. The first problem is the weight and thickness, it's just too much of both. The Fire is a good third of an inch too chunky to hold comfortably, especially with one hand. I didn't measure, but by guesstimate the Fire is almost twice as thick as an iphone. And it is too heavy to hold for more than 20 minutes. The screen is also a big problem for reading.The Fire's screen must have a super \"catch glare from any possible angle\" coating. I kept getting my wife's ipad2 to compare with, and every time the Fire was suffering worse glare. It's really annoying to see past.The second big, big, HUGE, problem with the screen is the brightness: it will NOT get dim enough to use at night. The brightness slider does nothing below 30%. Sure, you move the slider, but the screen does not get any dimmer. This was the deal breaker for me. I was on the fence about getting a backlit reader to start with, but I tried reading on the ipad and found it acceptable. Since, spec-wise, the Fire should be just as good - I took the leap and got it. But the brightness thing I can't get past. Using the Fire in a dark room is like staring at a too-bright lighting panel. My best guess says the ipad gets down to half as bright as the Fire on the lowest brightness setting. If they fixed this, I might have kept the Fire.Lastly, the Kindle \"reading\" functions were a letdown for me. This may be my own silly expectation, but I thought the Fire would have specific reader functionality; nope, it's exactly the same as the Kindle app on any other device. That's great and all, but then, why do I need the Fire?My second use for the Kindle was as a tablet, and I like to think I was accepting of its limitations vs an ipad, or full blown Android tablet. But, and maybe I'm spoiled by having use of an ipad2, the Fire is unacceptably laggy and hesitant in normal use.When changing screens from Home, to app, and back to Home, the Fire gets especially hitchy. Most times I could not tell if it registered the touch input, or if it was just thinking about it. As it turned out, it did register most touches, the Fire just takes a second or so to get itself together and actually do what you asked. Given the CPU Amazon put in the Fire (which has plenty of power) I don't understand why the performance is this bad. Once in an app, the performance was pretty okay, with some lags and hesitations mixed in normal operation.This is just my preference, but the Fire would benefit greatly from a physical \"home\" button, even though that's not the Android norm. Speaking of buttons, what idiot put the power button on the bottom? When holding it, I kept hitting the power button inadvertently. That's not ok.Web browsing mostly sucks, and that's partly because it's a 7 inch screen, so don't hold that against the Fire in particular. 7 inches is an awkward size for browsing. It's too \"in between\" to be good. Sites that load mobile versions (formatted for phones) waste a lot of space, while full version web pages are tiny and hard to use. You do a LOT of scrolling, because you see the whole page width, but only a tiny portion vertically. The Fire itself didn't help this process by being bad at scrolling; it's jerky and often registered an attempt at scrolling as a link selection. page loads are slow compared to anything else I regularly browse on. Overall, it's not a horrible tablet, but it can be really annoying.To sum up, I really wanted to like the Fire, and I can't blame anyone that turns out loving theirs. The problem for me is that I have seen devices that do what the Fire tries to accomplish, and they are better. A real e-ink Kindle is far better to read on, and a real tablet is actually pleasant to use. The Fire is simply too compromised to do either well. However, the price point is still killer, and if you're not real picky, the device would likely be a great buy.For me though, it's too heavy and thick, which kills the portability I thought I'd get with the overall size. The screen brightness issue I cannot get past. I read a lot in bed while the wife sleeps, and there's no way I can stare at the Fire unless it dims down quite a bit more. And finally, as a tablet, it doesn't offer enough to make it worthwhile; not when I can save 100 bucks and just buy a real e-ink Kindle to read on.Finally, I have this feeling that in less than a year, hardware prices will have dropped enough that Amazon can fix all these problems for the Fire 2, and then have a killer device at the $200 buck price-point.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Wanted to like it; couldn't do it.", "unixReviewTime": 1324512000, "reviewTime": "12 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3DHB4PO7ZOZA5", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [10, 20], "reviewText": "I was planning on buying several of these to give to my kids.  All I can say is that I am very thankful that a neighbor, lent me his to try.  He didn't mind letting me use it because he had given up trying it and was going to return it.-- Very slow to turn pages, sometimes painfully slow, interrupting the flow of what I was reading.-- Sometimes I had to tap to turn the page a couple times and even once and a while three times.  No indication on whether a tap has been registered so you waiting not realizing whether the page turning is just being slow or not registering.  This really interrupts the flow of reading a book.-- Have you tried reading magazines on this?  The formatting makes them unreadable on this small screen.  You are constantly moving the page around to read everything.-- This thing gets hot!  For the slow speed, you wouldn't think that it would build up that much heat.  Amazingly it gets hottest where you are most likely to put your hands at the bottom.  Talk about a design flaw.-- Web browser was not particularly fast.-- Navagation is awkward and non-intuitive.This doesn't have to be an iPad killer.  But it shouldn't ruin the experience from doing what should be simple things such as reading books.  This is Amazon.  If they get anything right, it should be to provide a good book reading experience.  If you really want this, my advice is to wait for the next version when hopefully they will speed it up and deal with the heat issue.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Slow speed makes turning pages painful, small screen makes it hard to read magazines", "unixReviewTime": 1322870400, "reviewTime": "12 3, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3J77J6A0Z1444", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 20], "reviewText": "Biggest problem is you cannot delete anything from the home page/carousel. It just all stacks up and up. Terrible flaw, returned mine and went to Barnes and Noble for their new tablet.  More battery life, more storage space.  CNN and other articles say the B&N tablet and Fire are very comparable. However, I won't use something you can't delete items from. Barnes and Noble has a tutorial every Sunday that people who buy their product can attend to learn the apps.  Their people are exceptional in their knowledge of their tablet. Very patient also. I was one of the first to order the Fire, according to Amazon, but very disappointed after using it a few days. And yes, I am electronics literate, I am PC literate for many years and also have an HP notebook.  I now have the B&N Tablet and love it. It is not my problem that items can't be deleted from the Fire home page/carousel.  Amazon told me it can't be done.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Returned Mine", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3K4IFDEHTYRSU", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 20], "reviewText": "I used one for a few hours. There's plenty of praise here for this thing because people just unwrapped one for Xmas and are in shock and awe without having actually used it much.1) User experience is terrible. There is no clear way to distinguish, for example, how to access the Kindle store vs. the Amazon store. My niece almost accidentally ordered a hardcover book instead of a Kindle book! Also, the responsiveness is \"laggy\" if you are used to any iOS device. This is typical of Android, however.2) Battery life is horrible for a device that is supposed to replace books. The classic Kindle is far better suited for that.3) Storage on the device is inadequate to hold more than a movie or 2.4) There are some apps and games but it ain't no iPad 2 by a LONG shot.So it's a bad book reader (unless a power outlet is always near), a bad media device unless you are on wifi (due to no storage), and a bad app platform. And it is not user-friendly (at least up to iPad standards).And that's why it's only 200 bucks.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Poor user experience and awful battery life for a book replacement", "unixReviewTime": 1325289600, "reviewTime": "12 31, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3KG3AAT1UXOO5", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 20], "reviewText": "IT was returned never opened have alot of issues with Amazon so I thought why keep it and have more issues", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "what?", "unixReviewTime": 1326758400, "reviewTime": "01 17, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A3PCPR1ROLP1YV", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 20], "reviewText": "Numbers in the aggregate speak more truth.  Although both the Kindle Fire and Nook Tablet round to 4 stars, there's actually a noticeable difference.  I went through the task of looking at the ratings and reviews for both devices on the web and calculated that Kindle Fire is actually 3.8 stars while the Nook Tablet is closer to 4.3.  I've used both devices extensively, and I'd say those numbers actually very accurately describe my overall experience with them.  Calculate those numbers for yourself and you'll see.People considering the Fire obviously will consider the Nook, so really think about the 0.5 star difference.  It's true, the Fire's interface feels very version 1.0.  Perhaps Barnes & Noble actually had more time to do things right because they already made the Nook Color.  Also, Google online to see the Netflix performance comparisons between the two devices.  You'll see who the clear winner is.Disclaimer: I don't work for either company.  Part of me wants the underdog to win, but part of me also thinks Amazon should make the Fire a perfect experience - and it's pretty far from that.  I don't care who wins.  I just want a very good device that's significantly cheaper than the iPad.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire: 3.8  Nook Tablet: 4.3", "unixReviewTime": 1322006400, "reviewTime": "11 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3QE59IP4V4T5M", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 20], "reviewText": "This is the dumbest purchase i made in 20 years. I bought it for my ageing father who makes a trip to the library twice a week to check out books to read. Amazon boosts that there are over 80,000 books to read. Most of these books are not top best seller lists books. The worst part of it is that as a \"PRIME\" member (which is never really explained) you only get ONE book per month to check out from the library for free. ONE BOOK PER MONTH!? I know this is the country with the worst reading grades in the world but ONE BOOK PER MONTH? If you want additional books you have to pay for them and pay BIG! My dad reads two books per week and on average 10 books per month which means at Amazon's ridiculous prices it would run him upwards of 150.00 per month. That is just ridiculous. Everything on the kindle you can get on your smart phone on through NETFLIX on your desktop/laptop. The Kindle doesnt offer anything new or different from any other smart phone or computer application. There is no \"MUST HAVE\" catch to it. It is just an oversized smart phone that charges you for EVERY MOVE YOU MAKE on it. A complete waste of money. You can check the books out of the library for free. The kindle is a scam.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "A DUMB PURCHASE.", "unixReviewTime": 1325289600, "reviewTime": "12 31, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3QNBZMDZJI74B", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "ALQ", "helpful": [18, 20], "reviewText": "I've owned the Fire for a few days now and here's my take on it, as an iPad owner.The tl;dr version: If you don't have a tablet, this is probably the best choice on the market today. Cheap, reasonably fast, very good (almost too good) integration into Amazon's digital media libraries. If you have an iPad you will be disappointed. It's 2 years later and still not as good.The longer version:The low price made me curious about the Fire, to see a different take on mobile computing than Apple. First the good:(+) price, price, price(+) kindle library support: seamless, fast, easy to buy new books(+) amazon video support: again, seamless, fast, vastly superior to iTunes(+) amazon cloud music: same story here, if you want to send your mps3 to amazon, you can stream them or download them on the kindle fire. Less cumbersome than iTunes.(+) weight/build: very good given the priceThe bad:(-) the app store: overall quality of apps is disappointing. A lot of the android apps won't run on the fire, from todo tools, to facebook or twitter.(-) web browsing: the fonts are just not good enough. The iPad 1, with a similar display, has better anti-aliasing. This may sound like a detail but nice fonts are essential since most of the content we deal with is textConclusion:Not quite a replacement for my aging iPad. I really wanted to like the Fire though. Overall it's a great version 1 product and I'm looking forward to the version 2 of the Fire.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "From an iPad owner", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3V2CNWOBYQZHW", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 20], "reviewText": "This device dispointed me ,Ithougt that it will be simellar if notbetter than IPAD OR IPOD ,however it is not for one reason,dowlodingof Games is not available(FREE OR PURCHASE).", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "KINDLE FIRE", "unixReviewTime": 1323302400, "reviewTime": "12 8, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A7WU5D7GTJ74K", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 20], "reviewText": "This was the first Kindle product I have purchased, and when the Fire arrived this evening, I was particularly excited to try it out.  4 hours later, the Kindle Fire is still inoperable.  The screen froze while receiving initial updates, and has not become operable at any point.  It connected to the internet, registered properly, and has not been functional since I agreed to the updates on the next screen.  The screen now says, \"Kindle Fire,\" with a black background, and that is all it ever said for me.  Alas, this is the first and last Kindle product I will purchase.  Hard re-boots do not help at all.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Froze While Updating", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A8578UAP89LJ0", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Matt", "helpful": [17, 20], "reviewText": "I'm an Apple guy.  I wouldn't trade my iPhone for anything Android, nor would I trade my MacBook for anything PC.  So when Amazon debuted the Kindle Fire, I was skeptical.  Would it really deliver?  I waited until well after the Fire began shipping before making the decision to part with $200 (maybe a pittance to some, but not to me!).  I read reviews for days, and I kept going back and forth on \"should I hold out for an iPad?\"  In the end, I decided that the Fire was the tool for me and that I'd keep the extra $300 to buy diapers and baby food with.In all the reviews I've read, I think that the common denominator on the poor reviews is that everyone expected an iPad-like product for a cell phone like price.  I know full well that the iPad has more functionality, more apps, more screen size, etc.  However, like many of the reviews I've read, if you don't need all that, then the Kindle Fire will blow you away.  It certainly did me.As an e-reader, it's already replaced my Kindle keyboard, due to the simple fact that I can read late at night or early in the morning without turning on a light and waking up my wife.  And no crazy priced lighted case to have to worry about, either.  Books display well, and the features imbedded in the Kindle work great.  I certainly like typing notes much better than with the Kindle keyboard. No problems with weight or anything.  I hold it just like my old Kindle.  I really like the ability to see the books in the Carousel and the home screen.  Much easier to find than on the Kindle 3.  Yeah, having the ability to organize the books would be nice, but it's not that big a deal.  You can always click on the \"book\" tab and go to the author view if you don't like looking at all your books as once.Second, playing games (which my kids LOVE) is a blast on the larger screen, a huge step up from my phone.  No, it's not the iPad screen, but for $200, it works really well.  And who cares about all the apps not displaying in every screen orientation?  Have we really become so lazy that we can't flip it around?  And a free app a day is pretty cool, too.Third, my experience with Silk and email has been good.  I'm not going to sit and compose major emails, or browse through a ton of web pages on this thing.  That's why I have a laptop.  But if I want to check something, or respond to a quick email, the Fire works great.Fourth, the touch screen works fine for me.  Yeah, every once in a while it doesn't respond as quick and I have to tap again, but you know what?  My iPhone is the same way.  And yeah, every so often I fly past something in the carousel.  You know what I do?  I SLOW DOWN HOW I SCROLL.  Not that difficult, really.  As to the touchscreen keyboard, I've had no problems with it.  Maybe it's because I'm used to typing on my iPhone, but I wonder what people were expecting.  Touch screens on every device I've ever used are kind of hooky, including the iPhone.  And you know what?  Operator error enters in more than device error.Fifth, the Cloud storage is great.  I've loaded quite a bit of music up, and the Fire streams it seamlessly.  Volume is good for a small device.  Haven't tried headphones yet, but will do that soon, I'm sure.  Video from Prime is seamless, too.  The combination of Cloud storage, free shipping, and free content will probably entice me to become a Prime member when the trial runs out.  Tough to beat for under $7 a month.In the end, the Fire does everything I hoped it would do and it does it well.  I was struck when reading many of the reviews by much of the criticism that we are truly a spoiled people nowadays.  The Fire is not going to change my life, or complete me.  It's a fun gadget that allows me to do fun things in an easy and convenient way.  It's for ENTERTAINMENT, and  it does it extremely well.The only thing I would seriously like to see change is the one-click option.  C'mon Amazon!  We WANT to put our passwords in to purchase!  It's not that big an inconvenience!  It's certainly easier than your having to deal with 100 cancellations and refunds when my kids purchase that Barbie Playhouse they've been wanting, but dad doesn't think they need!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Everything I'd Hoped For...And I knew it wasn't an iPad", "unixReviewTime": 1323993600, "reviewTime": "12 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AA990HFD9NKBQ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 20], "reviewText": "This is a useless tool for Bible study. I bought this as an upgrade for my wife's Kindle with special offers but it turned out to be a downgrade instead.  Don't waste your money.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Don't buy Kindle Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1324944000, "reviewTime": "12 27, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ADMJI2PTAHLES", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 20], "reviewText": "If you are looking for android device to escape proprietary Ipad, the Fire has it's own proprietary stuff as well. You cannot get on the Android market where there are a lot of free app's. Amazon has there own app store which you need to purchase from them.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Don't get", "unixReviewTime": 1326844800, "reviewTime": "01 18, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "AFJY469J3WGVO", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 20], "reviewText": "Purchase a few days again and just can't stand the thing. I don't own an iPad but use them as work and the fire is sooooo sluggish compared. You can't even scrolling with out lag, is just terrible. Such a disappointment as I love my Kindle 3 Keyboard. Save up and buy an iPad.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Sluggish", "unixReviewTime": 1324252800, "reviewTime": "12 19, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AFKBXZP2LICOD", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 20], "reviewText": "I can't tell you if this is a nice device or not.  We ordered it, it came and it didn't work.  It was my son's 12th birthday present.  I called Amazon and they said they'd have a new one to me overnight.  It is now more than 96 hours later and we have not gotten the Kindle Fire we paid for 13 days ago.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "It would be nice to get one that works", "unixReviewTime": 1322438400, "reviewTime": "11 28, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AGBCLVRLSJGR4", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 20], "reviewText": "I just got this for Xmas.  I am very excited to use it, but where is the instruction manual?  I haven't had a Kindle or any ebook before so I am having trouble figuring it out.  There are a few instructions that I stumbled upon on the actual Kindle, but you cannot read the instructions and then look at the screen to figure out what the instructions are saying.  Very frustrating. I am giving this 1 star for now, because I can't figure out how to use it!!  When I figure it out, I'll come back and tell you how I like it.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Where is the manual?", "unixReviewTime": 1324771200, "reviewTime": "12 25, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AJQ0QGW7OM9KW", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 20], "reviewText": "Please please please please PLEASE!!!! Do not buy this if you are not a US customer. It says US only and they really mean it.Amazon, why would you make an item available to me when all the extra Fire-specific content is available only to US customers? Why? Apps - sorry! Videos - sorry! Magazines - sorry! Music - nope! So how come Amazon knows I have a non-US card and prevents me from downloading apps, even free apps! but they don't prevent me from purchasing a kindle fire!This is a great big fail. I wish I had bought a normal tablet and just downloaded the kindle app. My free Prime membership is practically useless to me, I am very disappointed. So now I have to sell it here cuz it's not feasible to try to ship it back, plus I had to pay duties on it when it came in . . .***UPDATE ***I just realised something, my new Samsung galaxy ace does more than my kindle! I wish I could make my phone bigger . . . Oh wait they already did, it's called galaxy tab 7. Hindsight is 20/20.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "I like my phone better!", "unixReviewTime": 1331078400, "reviewTime": "03 7, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "AL8YLY55O0C39", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 20], "reviewText": "I was ready to order a Kindle Fire for myself and one for my wife until I found it does not support epub format. I have a Sony reader now and I can ckeck out books from my local library for free and read them on my Sony reader. The Kindle will not allow me to do this. I can only read books that are in the Amazon kindle format. This is a bad decision on there part and is similar to the nonsence that Apple does with there products. It does not matter how good your product is if there are restrictions like this on it.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "No epub format available", "unixReviewTime": 1321747200, "reviewTime": "11 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ANYABTPYLO36C", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 20], "reviewText": "I ordered the Kindle Fire in September as an anniversary present. My main purpose in ordering it was that it combined the capabilities of an e-reader to that of a tablet. I was disappointed when I received the device and opened the package. I found out after I ordered it that Amazon did not include the e-reader capabilities in the Fire which I think is a grave mistake. Also, it is too small for a tablet. This is my first e-reader and Tablet. I did a lot of research and was thrilled with buying two devices in one for a modest price. The Fire did not measure up to my expectations.It has a \"desktop\" that includes a book case that gets filled with apps that you cannot delete. I could not figure it out. There is no manual that comes with it and no instructions. It is not intuitive. I did figure out how to get to the movies. The screen color is excellent by the way. Another point is the touch pad is not consistent. Sometimes you press hard to select something and other times it is overly sensitive. It also does not support foreign languages at least that I could find. And again it was too small as en effective tablet, at least it was for me.Finally I handed it my wife and said \"see if you can figure it out\". Her conclusion together with my daughters was the same. So we returned the device and bought a $99.00 e-reader. I will buy a 10\" tablet. A little more maybe but a tablet none the less.It does have an aire of quality about it though.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Returned After 3 Days!", "unixReviewTime": 1322092800, "reviewTime": "11 24, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AO62VRJRXNI1", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 20], "reviewText": "Bought it!!! Too heavy, no camera!!!! Took it back!!! I'm sticking with my Ipad 2 & my Samsung Galaxy Tab Plus!!!!", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Returned it!!! Nice but issues!!!", "unixReviewTime": 1322611200, "reviewTime": "11 30, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ARM34DLGY5JX1", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Rabbit Hole", "helpful": [17, 20], "reviewText": "I bought a Kindle Fire 3 days ago, and I've had nothing short of a blast with it. At first, I was hesitant toward getting one because of all the negativity surrounding it in most reviews. However, I decided to give it a shot. So far, I've discovered that most of the nitpicky complaints (and most of them are just that) are unfounded and probably rushed. So I've decided to comment on several and even point some things out to anyone who may still be confused or leaning toward the other tablets because of some of the negative reviews.1. From my experience, the power button is not obtrusive, as some have said it is. My guess is that they accidentally hit it once or twice and overreacted. You could just flip your Fire around so it's on the top (for some things).2. The touch screen works fine. Sometimes you have to hit the back arrow a few times, but what device doesn't have minor faults? I've experienced issues like that on desktops before!3. Streaming content with Amazon Prime, Hulu or Netflix works fine with a good signal. Unfortunately, some people seem to be ignoring or are unaware of how a wireless signal will be divided up if more than one person is using it at the same time. So if you're at a hotspot with 20 others or streaming a movie in your household while your kids are on Youtube/streaming movies and the video is choppy/audio is out of sync... that's probably why.4. The Silk browser isn't quite as fast as they made it sound before the release date, but it's certainly not as slow as many reviews claim. Not once have I become impatient waiting for anything to load.5. The lack of an external volume slider has not bothered me at all. However, most negative reviews twist this issue too. As of this date, all you have to do to change the volume on all 3 streaming services is:a.) Amazon Prime; Tap the video while it's playing and a volume slider will pop up near the upper right corner.b.) Netflix; Tap the white line at the bottom center, then tap the top right corner for the quick settings menu. The volume slider will pop up.c.) Hulu; Tap the video while it's playing and a volume slider will pop up near the upper left corner.6. The carousel moves too quick? Not for me. Maybe YOU'RE moving too quick.7. \"The carousel stores my history.\" Rumor has it that that is going to change with the next update sometime before 2012.8. \"Amazon's appstore doesn't have as many apps as....\" Seriously, people? The Fire is a month old!There are more things to comment about, but I'm going to stop here. I hope I've made a point for anyone that was just as confused as I was before actually buying a Fire and adapting myself to it.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Thoughts on the Negative Reviews", "unixReviewTime": 1323993600, "reviewTime": "12 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AW7RFANT1T544", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 20], "reviewText": "Got my new Kindle Fire today-  was really excited to get it as I have been placed on strick bed rest following surgery and this was my entertainment plan while chained to the bed.  Imagine my surprise when I couldn't activate the darn thing.  According to Amazon, I was registered but the device would not continue past the activate email/password screen.  Several hours on text support to no avail and then was asked to just hang onto it for at least 2 business days while the developers try to trouble shoot the issue.  Uh- NO- I told her I felt this was not reasonable when they could have a new one out to me in 48 hrs and I could return the defective one.  These folks would not budge.  Offered me a $20 credit for my inconvenience.  After whats seemed like eternity, I finally told her to send me the needed labels for return.  I have dealt with Amazon for years, never ever have I ran into such clueless jerks working costumer service!!  Extremely disappointed by problem solving on their end.So long Amazon Prime!!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "what a nightare11", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A12ILHPAG6PFVM", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 19], "reviewText": "I am thoroughly enjoying my new Nook, which I purchased after two weeks of frustration with the Fire and Amazon.First, they sent me a Fire on the rollout date that did not have current software and simply would not work. Customer service representatives told me some of the new Fires needed software upgrades. A product that needs an upgrade on the rollout date? Amazingly, they were not kidding.So, they sent me a replacement Fire. It had the correct software, but continually froze on the home screen. The only suggestion from customer service was to do a factory reset, meaning I would have download books, apps, etc. all over again, along with having to re-enter passwords for Netflix, Facebook and a bunch of other apps. Once the reset was done, I started downloading apps again, but the Fire froze again within minutes. When I called customer service again, they made only one suggestion: Factory reset. So, I tried it again. This time all 500 of my books disappeared from the cloud. Customer service had no idea why that happened, but they had a suggestion: Factory reset.At first, they resisted giving refunds for some apps and accessories that were purchased. They even sent me an email say they didn't usually give refunds for products sold more than seven days before, but said they \"would make an exception.\" They made it sound like they were doing me a favor, even though none of the products had been purchased more than seven days prior to that email.They made no offer to bend over backwards to help solve the problem. They made no offer to refund everything I had spent on the Fire. Supposedly, I am receiving refunds for the Fire and case, but not the screen protectors. In the end, I lost money on a product that would never work for me.By the way, during the occasional moments when the Fire worked, one of the negative reviews I had read -- that the touch screen was not sensitive enough -- proved to be accurate. There were times I had to almost beat on the screen to get it to respond. Which brings me to the Nook: It does not have that problem. It works as intended and is much faster than the Fire. It was easily worth the extra $50.I am no longer going to Amazon for any purchases. Not because the product was defective. I suppose somebody was going to get two defective Fires. My problem is with the utter lack of assistance customer service gave me and the fight I had to make to get most of my money back. (If, in fact, I get it back. I was told it would take 15 business days from when they received the returned Fire before I would receive my money back. That seemed to be the final insult.)", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Defective product; poor customer service", "unixReviewTime": 1322524800, "reviewTime": "11 29, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A134QUN56B7S9I", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 19], "reviewText": "I printed a return label for my Kindle after about 15 minutes of using it. It's twice the weight of the Kindle Touch which makes is useless for long term reading. The power button placement/design is a major flaw. The wifi wouldn't connect but my other devices connect just fine. They ship it not only with your personal data but also inside a box that says steal me I'm a \"KindleFire\". All in all a poor product. Fanboys thumb me down I'll live.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Too heavy, poor design", "unixReviewTime": 1322006400, "reviewTime": "11 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A14L8TAQRE2S1B", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 19], "reviewText": "Guess not all the devices have this problem. I cannot rotate the screen to get a horizontal view. I wonder how to get the pic on the description page. So you can't surf the web in a wide screen, nor even watch youtube in full screen! That's the main problem I've found in one hour after I got it on hand.=================I just figured out the problem above. I happened to have tapped \"locked\" in the setting choices and that made the screen unlocked.Other thoughts:1. It seems that there is a camera in the front (or maybe a light sensor?). Guess just no software coming out to use it.2. Only a charger, no usb cable. I mean it is not like the old kindle, when you can unplug the cable from the charger. It is just one regular charger.3. App store is not too bad. Amazon has been building it for fire for a while. You can get most popular apps for android here.4. Amazon video could be watched in full screen mode automatically.Overall:No too bad for the price. If amazon updates to fix the problems, it would be a good small tool at home.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Was unable to rotate the screen. Figured out now.", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A18GJMGO3SCUPA", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 19], "reviewText": "It's funny how Apple paid their employees to leave bad reviews....Yeah, Apple, your days are numbered...Kindle Fire is spreading like wild fire.....Yeah, Apple should be afraid....THE KINDLE FIRE IS AWESOME!!!!!  The device is flying off shelves!!Apple Employees - Shut UP!! :)", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "THE KINDLE FIRE IS GREAT!", "unixReviewTime": 1322438400, "reviewTime": "11 28, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1BJE7PBUSTUBM", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 19], "reviewText": "I sure wish Amazon wouldn't have accidently sent my wife's Kindle fire in a box that said \"Kindle fire\" on the side. The postman delivered it \"to\" my wife-the gift recipient. I'm sure, with the rush of all the orders they were getting, mine was sent that way by mistake, since it was ordered as a gift. I still did not give it to her until Christmas. She absolutely loved it... In fact she surprised me with one also. I love the Kindle fire. Amazon, to my surprise... read my review and \"called\" me personally saying how sorry they were for the mistake and made it right with me. You guys are GREAT! What \"Wonderful Customer Service\" that actually cares about your buying experience. You went back to \"Five Stars\" in My Book and Happy New Years...The Kindle Fire fills that niche of e-book reader and tablet. What a vivid beautiful screen picture. It's so handy, I can be checking e-mail in the living room and the wife searching over a receipe in the kitchen. If she wants to watch one thing on t.v. that i don't, I can watch something else in the same room on the Kindle. The only additions I would like to see is a web camera and 3-G like my wife's other kindle-Graphite, which has 3-G. I notice the Fire has more of a screen glare if you're traveling down the road in bright sunlight. But I was able to manage it by angling the fire and when it started getting darker the lit screen was nice. The wife's Kindle graphite has a very soothing screen that's easy on the eyes in any light and if you go that route I highly recommend the leather cover with the corner pull-out built-in light...very nice. The Kindle Fire also has a very nice leather cover available  that works great and has a handy feature where you can prop it up for viewing. The wife finds this very handy in the kitchen for reading recipes without having to handle it with messy hands!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Christmas Gift Surprise Spoiled But Made Right By Amazon", "unixReviewTime": 1324598400, "reviewTime": "12 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1COI14IPPYE7O", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [0, 19], "reviewText": "I do not have WiFi this is not fair. It would be a waste of money because I could not browse the Kindle store on it if I'm traveling in a car.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Where's the 3G??????????", "unixReviewTime": 1323302400, "reviewTime": "12 8, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1DJTHX38AEU6N", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 19], "reviewText": "I bought the Kindle Fire as a something my husband could carry with everything he could need to inform and entertain rather than taking along numerous devices.  The Kindle Fire does NOT have games and according to the Support Contact there are NO plans to make game available in the future. The misleading part comes in when you go into games and they say that this would look great in color.  Since the Kindle Fire is Amazon's color version they make it sound like the games would be compatable. NOT SO.  It's going back and I will pay the extra money for a much better device elsewhere. I am VERY disappointed with Amazon for being misleading.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Misleading and disappointing", "unixReviewTime": 1324857600, "reviewTime": "12 26, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1EU5PA8XSQA71", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 19], "reviewText": "Device freezes frequently.Touch screen is not of right sensitivity and taps are not recognized. Customer service advised to tap 2 or three times for each command.\"Market\" icon to download professional apps can not be found and will not or can not be installed according to customer service. This means medical tables and expert systems, as an example, can not be installed on this Android tablet.Tablet use is meant for entertainiung and gaming but not to be used in the office.As Amazon does not make this clear in their description and commercials, I have to return the device as it is missing tablet PC functions.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Kindle is for kinders", "unixReviewTime": 1321660800, "reviewTime": "11 19, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1HLX7HSN4KCH1", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Shanghaifanny", "helpful": [16, 19], "reviewText": "Honestly, just reading all these negative reviews had me a little nervous about purchasing a Kindle Fire. In fact, the morning after I purchased one online, The New York Times ran an article basically remarking on  how lame a product the Kindle Fire is compared to the Nook Color tablet. That was when I decided that the only way to really understand what was good or bad about the Kindle Fire was to wait until it arrived and make my own mind up about it. According to what I had read in these reviews, I feared that it might not recognize my at home wifi network... I feared that it would be slow and hard to use. It arrived and I unpacked it, turned on and unlocked it... and it already knew the name of my wifi network! All I had to do was punch in the passcode and voil&agrave;! It works great and I haven't regretted my purchase for even one second. I'm reading, I'm on Facebook, I'm emailing, I'm watching Netflix --- and I am very, very happy. I've done my own product comparison between a Nook Tablet and a Kindle Fire and have decided that they both offer the pretty much the same exact service to consumers. It's not an iPad -- and it doesn't have to be!", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "I was suspect... until I held that sweet Kindle Fire in my hands", "unixReviewTime": 1324512000, "reviewTime": "12 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1KRT1B3C08AHQ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "K. Gibbons \"pcnetwrx\"", "helpful": [18, 19], "reviewText": "With so many positive reviews, I won't repeat what they all say. One of my interests was how to put my own DVD movies onto the device so that they would run without a WiFi connection. After a couple of trials I got it to work. So here is how I did it.First, you need a backup of the DVD VOB file which I won't really get into, but I used AnyDVD and DVD Decrypter. Once I had a good DVD VOB file, then I used Any Video Converter (the free version) to convert the VOB file to a custom MP4 file using these parameters:Video Codec xvidFrame Size 720 x 480Video Bitrate 1024Video Framerate 20Audio Codec aacA/V Sync DefaultEverything else is the default setting.Wait for the conversion which can take a while and then hook up your Fire to your PC using the USB cable and copy your new MP4 file to the Video folder. To watch your video, start the Gallery app and find your video to play it. Each movie you convert this way should be under 1 gig in size and should look pretty decent on the Fire.BTW, I actually did an extra step using the video4fuze program to get an 854 x 480 resolution and then used Original in the above Frame Size, but I don't think that it was necessary so I did not describe it here. The above procedure should at least give you a starting point that you can fine-tune for your personal preference on video quality versus file size.UPDATE: After having the Fire for a little over a week, I had to come back and lower the star rating by one. Although using the cloud for movie and photo storage is possible, it should be much more seamless than it is. Having to go through three different not-so-apparent steps to download a video to the Fire from the cloud is a bit ridiculous. Amazon really needs to do more on their cloud and Fire integration so that photos and videos are as easy to deal with as music is. Here is what you need to do in order to bring a video from the cloud to your Fire:You can download from the cloud, but it is a multistep process and requires an additional app called ES File Explorer. Use the Kindle browser to find your file at www.amazon.com/clouddrive and then tap and hold on the filename that you want to download (the browser download button does not work). A menu comes up where you can choose to save link. Then after it's done downloading, use ES File Explorer to find your file in the Download folder. It will be called clouddrive.bin so tap and hold and choose to rename it to the correct filename.mp4 or whatever. Then tap and hold to cut and go to the Video folder and tap and hold on any file there to paste. Then you can either run it directly there with ES File Explorer or find it in the gallery and view it there.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Transferring DVD Movies to the Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1LCFYWAALMEGB", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 19], "reviewText": "I was so excited to get this and now so not so  excited.The battery doesn`t even last 2 hrs before it needs to be recharged!!and it over heats think I  will be sending it back.OK update I send it back due to a bad battery,got my new one in 3 days.I will be returning this one also sadly.I so wanted this item,but it is slow to respond you are tapping tapping tapping finally MAYBE you will get where you want to be.using it for email is ok only if you want to read it not reply.All in all I am very sorry I gave away my kindle to my cousin as now I have to buy a new one.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "battery life", "unixReviewTime": 1321920000, "reviewTime": "11 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1LNIS2WYQK9XY", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 19], "reviewText": "The questions are is the kindle fire better than the nook notebook, well the nook notebook cost wise up front is 50 bucks more. Until you consider that you have to pay for Prime here on Amazon which is 79.99 a year or sometihing from what I hear. Also Kindle Fire is not expandable unless you pay for Amazon to give you more space. You cannot add an sd card, on a nook you can!I haven't used a Fire but I have used the nook, and I'd buy that over the Kindle Fire because of security issues as well. So good luck be informed, and know that the Nook is expandable with an SD card, there are no memberships to  pay for, and it plays movies and you can read books. If you are concerned about the shine buy a screen protector that is matte, and that issue goes away. So folks whether to nook or kindle I cannot say its your choice but be informed the NOOK is equivilant if not better in ability to expand than the Kindle.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire or Nook?", "unixReviewTime": 1330128000, "reviewTime": "02 25, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A1MF7WXPP652P8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 19], "reviewText": "I was very excited that kindle was offering FIRE at a very good price.  I pre-ordered 2, one for me and one for my wife.  When I received them, they looked pretty good, but it would take me some time to get accustomed to the touch screens, but that was OK.  However, when I tried using it outdoors, I found I couldn't see the display no matter how bright it was!  Totally unacceptable.  Back to the old Kindle for me.  The old display is much, much better!", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "disappointed", "unixReviewTime": 1322697600, "reviewTime": "12 1, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1OJSBJA3WN0W2", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Amazon Customer", "helpful": [15, 19], "reviewText": "First a few things about me that are relevant to this review.I've owned the iPad since it first came out but I'm not an Apple Fanboy, I also own an Android HTC myTouch 4g which I love. I'm an Amazon Prime subscriber and I uploaded my music to the Amazon cloud several months ago and use it daily to listen to my music(usually via web browser on my work PC and during runs on my phone). I watch Amazon Prime streaming videos occasionally on my Roku and I'm always reading some Kindle book using the Kindle app on either the iPad or my phone. I'm also cheap, and I consider my iPad to be a luxury item that is a nice to have rather than a need to have.So after reading my bio, you probably think I'm the perfect person for this device because I use a lot of Amazon services. I felt this way too so it was a no brainer purchase for me since my wife and I do battle for iPad usage from time to time.Web Browsing(Fire=C iPad=B) - My biggest complaint about the iPad 2 is the web browsing experience. I often find myself going upstairs to use my PC rather than deal with slow load times of the iPad. I was very excited about Silk but have been disappointed thus far. For some websites like wikipedia it seems to be extremely fast, but for more obscure websites it crawls. That being said, there is no noticeable difference between iPad and the Fire in terms of speed, but I rate the iPad higher because of its screen size. The extra couple of inches makes a big positive difference for your overall web browsing experience.Kindle(Fire=A iPad=C) - While I felt the screen size was too small for web browsing, I find the smaller size better for reading since it's a little easier on the eyes. Holding the tablet itself is better for reading as well. While the Kindle app is crippled on the iPad since you can't buy books inside the app, you can still get them onto the iPad pretty easily so I don't consider that a major advantage of the Fire.Amazon Cloud Music(Fire=A iPad=D) - You can listen to Amazon Cloud Music on the iPad via Safari Mobile browser but that is not ideal. With the Fire the integration is what you'd expect. That being said, listening to music on the iPad or Fire is not something I do or plan to do very often, if at all. I use my phone for that.Videos(Fire=B iPad=B-) - I'm not comparing the Amazon service like I did with music because you can't get Amazon Prime videos to stream on the iPad. However, you can stream Netflix and Hulu on either device. With the iPad you have access to iTunes, though I think you have to download videos to the iPad rather than stream, which is why I give the Fire the slight edge here. Note that my lack of knowledge on this is because it's another thing I rarely do on a tablet.Apps(Fire=C iPad=B) - I'm a little disappointed by the Fire making you use their appstore, because compared to Google's Android Marketplace it is lacking in a lot of useful apps. For example, I can't find a decent Google Reader client on the Amazon App Store yet, and this is one of the main things I use the iPad for. I realize that there is a way to hack the device and side load apps, but this isn't something most people can do.Hardware(Fire=C iPad=B+) - For the most part I'm fine with the Fire but like many others I'm frustrated with the lack of a hardware volume control. It makes my desire to listen to music and watch videos dwindle to nothing. I'm sure Amazon will not make this mistake again. Otherwise I like the device, it looks good and I especially like the rubberized backing. I also like that the Fire uses a non-proprietary charging device by charging with microUSB. One less charger to pack while traveling. The iPad's charger is clunky and the connector is extremely awkward, probably its worst feature.OS(Fire=C iPad=B) - Both OS's are very simple and easy to navigate and use. Unfortunately I have to give the iPad the upper hand here because of the bugginess of the Fire. It has a lag issue where often you can't tell if you physically missed the button press or if the Fire just didn't get the button press because of lag. You'll often find yourself pressing a link or button 3 or 4 times before it actually goes where you want it to go. Another problem I have with Fire is the lack of Swype. If you ask me, the iPad is not an input device. The keyboard makes me feel like I'm on a 1920's typewriter. I consider Swype to be one of the huge advantages that Android has over IOS and Amazon failed to support it for the Fire. I hope they will consider getting this in the appstore. Outside of these issues though, I find the OS to be simple and easy to use, even simpler than iOS and that's a good thing.Battery(Fire=A iPad=A) - With either device I've never worried about the battery life. I usually charge both devices overnight every other day or so. The fact that it's never something I think about is why I give both an 'A' even though the iPad has a longer advertised battery life.Overall(Fire=B iPad=A-) - All things considered I like the Fire a lot but it still has some growing up to do. The lack of a volume button is mind boggling and Silk has been a letdown. My other complaints regarding bugginess will probably be fixed in future software updates and the appstore will undoubtedly become more robust in the near future. If you are mostly a Kindle reader and price is a big consideration for you, I don't hesitate to recommend the Fire. That being said, if money is no object and you have $499, go with the iPad.***UPDATE(12/23/2011)***Since this review Amazon has released two firmware updates just as I suspected they would. I have to say, many things have been improved thanks to these updates. The responsiveness has been drastically improved and Silk seems to be much better as well, at this point I would say it is faster than iPad 2. For people receiving this as a Christmas gift I'm sure they will not face the disappointments that we early adopters have.Another thing that I did was 'sideload' some essential apps(google reader). This was a very simple process, you do not have to root the device nor do you even need to connect the Kindle to your home computer. Just google for the .apk file and away you go. There are a few repositories of apks that make this process very very simple.As of now, the only glaring dislike is the lack of a volume button which unfortunately cannot be remedied.My overall score for these device changes as follows. Fire A- and iPad 2 A-. Considering the price these are equal devices. If the Fire were to cost $499 I would expect it to be a much more capable device than the iPad 2 is because there is that much value in the current $199 price.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "The Perspective of a Long Time iPad User", "unixReviewTime": 1322438400, "reviewTime": "11 28, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1RX9NVWOGFPHK", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 19], "reviewText": "There is no way to change the default dictionary, I am sending the one I bought back, and return the English Spanish for kindle dictionary as well", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Cant change the dictionary", "unixReviewTime": 1324512000, "reviewTime": "12 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1S7AHFBFRK8EB", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 19], "reviewText": "I'm a huge fan of Amazon (not the selling dept) and I'm very loyal to this company because they do offer the consumer awesome prices but let me tell you... this Kindle Fire is not what you think it is. I can see that most people who left good feedback are the ones who rushed to leave a feedback before giving themselves times to see how this Fire works... so they left a feedback while they're excited. I gave it a week before I judged it and I can tell you there are MANY issues with it. The screen is terrible. It doesn't respond quickly to your touches. Loading pages is very slow and privacy concerns are very obvious, everywhere you go they're saved RIGHT ON THE MAIN screen. So be careful if your wife or GF plays with your Fire and you are going to the wrong places. There's NO volume button on the side of the Fire which makes it extremely annoying when you are watching videos and you don't want to tap on a screen that doesn't respond very well to get the volume on the screen. There are many more issues that I don't want to get into but if I were you I'll save the $200 and add more cast to it and get a better tablet from another company until Amazon learns from all the mistakes they made it and fix 'em all when they make Fire 2.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "NO WAY! Price is awesome but quality is terrible.", "unixReviewTime": 1323993600, "reviewTime": "12 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1WR4FFOI8SOPD", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 19], "reviewText": "the devise is too heavy... the screen is way too sensitive to the touch... the on off button needs to be redesigned so you aren't  hitting it accidentally.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire review", "unixReviewTime": 1323993600, "reviewTime": "12 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2411QT2D3U05M", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 19], "reviewText": "This device is totally NOT user friendly. No instruction book is included, does not connect to wifi at all locations, does not download free items as \" this item is not compatible with this device\". My husband tried using his all day and was unable to connect or view any items at all. He has not received any updates as mine has done (which has made mine even more confusing) because I believe he has never really conected to Wifi. I have yet been able to fiqure out anything on this device and has called customer support at least 4 times in the last 2 days with the comment \" It shows  you are registered\". My husband has said give it another couple of days and if nothing improves they will be returned. My advice... save your pennies and go on a nice trip instead and not spend it on something you will , I believe,  eventually throw in a drawer and try to forget the big mistake you made. I am so  totally disappointed in the device.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Does not add up at all", "unixReviewTime": 1321833600, "reviewTime": "11 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A27U0V6MO727F1", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 19], "reviewText": "I had high hopes, but the Kindle Fire is a piece of junk. I'm sure Amazon will sort out the issues with time, but they really should have spent more time polishing the details of the hardware and software. I wish there were volume controls. I don't like the placement of the on/off switch (I turn the Fire off accidentally all the time). The whole thing feels really slow, really laggy. The first iPad smoked this thing speed wise. It's not worth the money IMO.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Not worth the money", "unixReviewTime": 1325980800, "reviewTime": "01 8, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A2894TW7NSIQ9", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Joanne M. Uzarski \"SAT Tutor\"", "helpful": [15, 19], "reviewText": "It's quick, fun and does everything I do with my iPad 1 and more because it has flash. It will probably replace my iPad and I want to get one for each of my kids. I mainly use my iPad for reading and checking email and facebook.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "I'm impressed!", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2AG9OKJCU03PX", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 19], "reviewText": "I bought one for my wife who's a big reader. Works OK for books but as a tablet it's awful compared to my iPad. Difficult to get email etc.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Really wonky.", "unixReviewTime": 1322438400, "reviewTime": "11 28, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2B72CVMMB5Q30", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 19], "reviewText": "I bought this product thinking it will be a ipad killer. To tell you the truth, it's not even close. It's not even a NOOK killer. Power button position on the bottom is a bad move. I turned this off by accident many times. Touch screen is not sensible. Sometimes you have to touch few times for touch screen to work. It's kind of annoying. There is not enough storage and you have to use Amazon cloud.Battery is dying off very quickly after 4 months of use. Takes too long to charge the battery.You are cornered with amazon products and services and can't use any other products.I suggest you to buy a Nook. I am thinking of returning this product as well.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Don't recommend this product", "unixReviewTime": 1324425600, "reviewTime": "12 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2DGDSMPFXVGR9", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 19], "reviewText": "I found it overpriced and don't particularly care for the fact that it lack external volume control, there is no privacy (but in an Amazon world there is no privacy is there?). I wouldn't recommend it. I'm considering one of the other brands.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Not so hot", "unixReviewTime": 1323561600, "reviewTime": "12 11, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2GSV7GIC74U14", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Chris Deeds", "helpful": [18, 19], "reviewText": "I got my Kindle Fire in the afternoon and I've been playing with it off and on for several hours now. While not perfect this little tablet is absolutely fantastic for the price point!The device is thicker that I was expecting but the rubber coating on the back of the Fire gives it a nice feel in the hand. The Fire is light enough that holding it in one hand for longer periods of time isn't bad at all, just don't expect it to be e-ink Kindle light. The construction of the tablet is excellent, though, and doesn't feel in the least bit flimsy or cheap.The screen on this tablet is amazing! The lower priced tablets usually get it done by installing an inferior screen in the device and I'm glad to say that Amazon has done nothing of the sort. It has very vibrant color and nice pixel density. In a side by side comparison the Fire screen was crisper than that of an iPad 2 but not quite on par with the qHD display of my Evo 3D.My biggest problem with the screen is that it is only 7-inches. I find the Galaxy Tab 8.9 to have the perfectly sized screen for both portability and view-ability. That's not to say that the Fire doesn't get the job done. The screen has a nice enough pixel density that I was able to browse the web comfortably on 95% of the web pages I visited without having to do any resizing.The UI on the Fire is incredibly simple and intuitive. People keep saying how easy an iPad is to use and how intuitive it is but I found the Fire to be even easier to use right out of the box (my first experience with an iPad had me hunting for various things for some time before I got the hang of it; not so with the Fire).Overall the tablet operates quite smoothly. This is the first 7-inch tablet I've played with that has a dual-core and I expected a nice ride. While it wasn't as smooth as an iPad 2 or a Galaxy Tab 8.9 it was on par with my Iconia A500 and far superior to my old, rooted, overclocked Nook Color. The only problems I had might very well have been software issues that can be fixed in future updates. Now and again either the tablet lagged or simply didn't pick up on the fact that I was hitting the back button; this happened several times while browsing through several areas of the device, not just web browsing. Another problem was on especially 'busy' websites scrolling down the page was a touch jerky.I watched several YouTube videos and had mixed results with those. The videos all loaded quickly and ran fairly smoothly but the sound lagged behind on some of them when viewed full screen.I do wonder how performance might have been improved if Amazon had built the Fire with 1GB of ram rather than the 512MB it has.Now, as I'm sure you'd expect, the content integration with Amazon Prime is really where this little beauty shines. The Prime streaming video loads quickly and looks great! I've been an Amazon shopper for quite some time and buy all of my digital books and well as music from Amazon and it is very nice to have it all at my fingertips. I did a little reading while listening to music and the Fire performed quite well. The page turning could be a little smoother but it was on par with using the Kindle App on other Android devices. There were no sound hiccups or jumps as I read.I fired up Netflix on the device as well and compared it to the video quality on the iPad 2. They were roughly on par but the iPad 2 seemed to look a little less pixelated. Interestingly enough due to the aspect ratios of the two devices the video on the iPad wasn't as much larger than that of the Fire as you would expect given the differences in screen size. The video takes up the full screen of the Fire but the iPad 2 has large black areas above and below the video.The speakers on the Fire actually aren't bad. They're not the best but I was pleasantly surprised. The iPad has better volume but about the same clarity.The smaller storage space on the Fire might be a problem for some but not me. On any of the tablets I've owned I've never used more than 4GB of space and with Amazon's Cloud Drive it makes it even more likely that I'll never run out of storage. I don't miss the lack of a micro SD slot either. I can count the number of times I've used an SD card on a tablet with the capability on one hand.Likewise the lack of a camera on the Fire doesn't bother me in the least. Again I can count the number of times I've used a tablet camera on one hand.The lack of bluetooth I do find to be a glaring flaw - especially considering all the speaker sets being released now that connect to a portable device via bluetooth. I think this was a mistake on Amazon's part and hope it is one they correct on future releases of a Kindle tablet.The selection of Apps is still limited for the Fire but there are quite a lot. I did find myself searching in vain for several I'd enjoyed on my other Android tablets. This isn't a deal killer by any means but it is a noticeable flaw.All in all I am more than happy with my purchase. The Fire might not be for everyone but if you're in the market for a tablet for entertainment purposes I'd give this a try before going with a higher priced device. I was actually surprised how well the Fire performed in comparison to larger, more costly devices like the iPad 2. Is the iPad 2 a superior tablet overall? Yes. Is it worth more than double the cost of the Fire? Not in my opinion.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "An Absolute Bargain", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2I9XURD1W7IUU", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 19], "reviewText": "I preordered this on Oct 26th.  It shipped on the 16th of Nov and  was here by the 18th in my town but somehow never made it to me. They sent a new one on the 30th.  I have problems connecting to wi-fi. It will not download apps via usb.  They will not backtrack my Amazon Prime to coincide with the actual arrival date of my kindle. So actually I got screwed on the trial of Prime.  If you bought  this for Christmas i highly suggest you get it out and play with it before you give as a gift because I have had nothing but problems.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "not happy.", "unixReviewTime": 1322870400, "reviewTime": "12 3, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2JNQQFEFSC729", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "V. Martin", "helpful": [14, 19], "reviewText": "Shame on me for not learning this before my purchase. Amazon is running commericals showing children using the Fire yet has no way to limit the content that they view. R-rated movies, Inappropriate TV and anything on the internet are up for grabs in the hands of your children. My main reason for buying this for my daughter was as an e-reader but I was thrilled with everything else it could do. Not thrilled anymore, need an update soon ro I will be returning it before my 30 days are up. Looks like an ipad was the best bet afterall.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "No Parental Controls!!!!", "unixReviewTime": 1323648000, "reviewTime": "12 12, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2JUB9FW5C5W63", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [9, 19], "reviewText": "I've been a long time Amazon customer and I've enjoyed purchasing items and experiencing Amazon's top notch customer service. I am also a Prime member. I own the orginal Kindle and I have been pretty impressed with it because it is great at what it does.That said, I really wanted to love the Kindle Fire, but unfortunately I did not even like it. Why? Excruciatingly slow browsing speed, unresponsive touch screen, and poor graphical user interface. It was also quite unexpectedly heavy. I'll take a look at the next model with high expectations, but the Kindle Fire was a dud. It is on it's way back to Amazon.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Disappointing product all around", "unixReviewTime": 1322870400, "reviewTime": "12 3, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2NIHDP4LDC8OZ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 19], "reviewText": ". . . and I ain't talking Mr. Horsie.I expected nowhere near the capabilities of a $600 device, but as with my wife, I do expect stuff to happen when I touch the right button. I shouldn't have  to keep tap, tap, tapping to make her go, go, go.I learned it helps to touch and hold, hold, hold - but this doesn't always work, work, work. Maybe my hands is too cold, cold, cold?Are we still talking tablets?I have no idea if this is a hardware issue or software fixable with an update, so I am jumping ship before my warranty expires.Sadly, I will be returning my first tablet and will research alternatives whilst sitting on the proverbial sideline.Sigh, sigh, - well, you know . . . .", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Buggy, buggy, buggy, buggy, buggy, buggy . . . .", "unixReviewTime": 1321747200, "reviewTime": "11 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2ZTFDUDNBQ2Z7", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 19], "reviewText": "My wife received a Kindle Fire as a christmas gift.  She was excited as she had wanted one anyway.  Unfortunately, it's not ready for prime time and never should have been released w/o the bugs being ironed out.PROS:Easy to download books and other pre-loaded ap products.Beautiful high resolution screen.Scrolls fastActually not terrible to use for browsing when it works.  Screen is high enough resolution to work decently even though it's small.Cons:Unit could not browse the web till I went online and read support info from 3rd party sites.  I had to reset some settings.Browser completely stopped functioning a week later for no reason.Creepy Amazon.com cloud thing where they know all your business and where you go on the web.Incredibly slow internet access much of the time.Get one if you need a book reader and want to download some movies.  Don't expect a lot more w/o problems getting it to work correctly.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Deeply flawed as anything but a book reader", "unixReviewTime": 1325030400, "reviewTime": "12 28, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2ZUI0SS6LKY27", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 19], "reviewText": "Before purchasing the Kindle I looked and found a lot of free movies that I was interested in watching. My main purpose for purchasing the Kindle was to use on the train during my 50 minutes commute to work.However once the Kindle arrived, I found that you could watch movies for free if they were streamed, but there were none to download for free. I've looked at Hulu and a number of other sites and had no luck in downloading movies from those sites . . . . so the Kindle is going straight back. Why should I be able to watch a movie for free while sitting in my kitchen, but I can't watch that same movie for free while I'm on the train?", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Free streaming BUT NO FREE DOWNLOADS", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A30ACOPXJL6FFA", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [0, 19], "reviewText": "I ordered this item on it's release date and still haven't received it because USPS is saying my address is \"undeliverable\". i was supposed to have it on the 18th and now will have to wait for it to be returned to Amazon then wait again for them to process my refund, and then I have to reorder it again. I purchase from Amazon all the time but i don't like how they use USPS to finish off their orders. I will process my refund and go to Best Buy to get my Kindle Fire.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "USPS SUCKS!", "unixReviewTime": 1322092800, "reviewTime": "11 24, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A30ZPZQ88W34PS", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [9, 19], "reviewText": "The special use I've become addicted to on Kindle is text-to-speech.  I love listening to books on the drive back and forth to work but unfortunately Kindle Fire absolutely can't be used in this way --- NO text-to-speech.  I'm sure its other features are great but text-to-speech was was a real core use for me and my iPad fine for everything else.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "NO TEXT TO SPEECH", "unixReviewTime": 1322092800, "reviewTime": "11 24, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A33U559V7ZK1U5", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 19], "reviewText": "You almost get what you pay for, because while I thought I was getting a poor-man's cheap iPad,  got far less than I expected. I accepted the limitations I had read in a number of reviews (before the Fire was released.) I have owned it since it was shipped - I pre-ordered it.For me, getting to use it after spending a lot of time between the user's guide and the device, it is still very slow and frustrating. Tap the screen for no response. If you see someone pounding away on their tablet with one finger, it's going to be a Kindle Fire owner trying to open a link or select something on the screen. It does not register your tap, and even when it does, it is often painfully slow. However, sometimes it works as I would expect it to work--using it is a bit like an Alzheimer patient that has moments of lucidity, and then slips back into la-la land and complete inattention.There are some books and sites that I cannot delete from my library. I suppose I have missed some instruction buried within the bowels of the manual--all I can do is either download them or open them. YouTube content will not play on my Fire, I do have the latest version of the software 6.2. Some web sites just don't like it all - so much for web surfing, so no, it doesn't work like a PC at all. My Droid phone is much faster, and works ever time, and no we don't have 4G-LTE service yet. (Now, if only I could get a larger screen for my Droid, I'd be much better off.}The Fire is really little more that a platform for buying Amazon content, products, and services. I can live with that because Amazon has lots of good stuff, and the screen is nice and sharp and it has nice color. However, that is a waste when you can't do what you want it to do, when you need it to.Some of the iconic controls are so small and close together you can fat-finger them, or they are not bright enough to see if you have activated them or not - not everyone has 20-20 vision. There are a lot of things I don't like about the GUI, some of which will go away over time as I apply my mind reading techniques and try to reach the minds of the designers of it.All things considered, I am sorry I bought this device, and could have been better off with a Nook, or looked around a bit more. Technically, it looks good on paper, but in reality, that has not been my experience with it. I'm not a technophobe and have used computers since DOS 2.1, and have built the last five or six PCs I've had, so I can't understand how my experience can be so bad when I see all the good things people have to say about it. I'll wait for the next version of software, to see if things get better, if not, then I'll be using it for a door stop or some other useful purpose.So, I'd recommend you look around and see what the competition is, and play with all you can get your hands on before making a decision. Who knows, you may turn out to be tickled pink, but for me you can paint me with purple polka dots.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "You almost get what you pay for.", "unixReviewTime": 1324166400, "reviewTime": "12 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3634E4WDXB2OL", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 19], "reviewText": "UPDATE: lowered this to one star, had to send it back twice! evidently there are HUGE issues with the 6.0 version. you have to upgrade to 6.1 in order to register, but without the upgrades, nothing works well enough to get the fricking upgrade! 2 hours with CS, and they had me trying things they must've been pullin' out of a hat! The wifi didn't work, so i couldn't upgrade online, but they didn't send a USB cable with it, and wanted me to purchase one in order to do a manual upgrade, just to get the device to work! uh, no. got them to send it for free, but it would take 2 1/2 weeks to get here. uh, no.My recommendation: wait until you can get 6.1 out of the box and ready to go. I am shocked that Amazon would be sending stuff out that is not ready to go out of the box. it's ridiculous!****************************************Well, i got on the pre-order list, and was very excited to get my kindle fire on my doorstep the same day it was released. but, i still have not been able to use one yet.the first one had a non responsive touchscreen and had to be sent back. the next one was unable to be registered, and they're still trying to fix it. i'm not too impressed with CS at this point either. being bounced around, and lots of waiting! ugh!someday, i might be able to use the darn thing, and give a real review, but for now, i'm way too busy for all this hassle to give this more than 2 stars.:(", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "too much hassle", "unixReviewTime": 1321747200, "reviewTime": "11 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A38AJ9ZNIL0ZSC", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 19], "reviewText": "I haven't opened the Kindle Fire, yet.  I just wanted to warn others that Amazon stupidly puts \"Kindle Fire\" on the outside of the package on two sides.  If you are getting it for a gift....which is what ours is for....then it announces it loud and clear for you.  Also, for those thieves in your neighborhood....Amazon has made it quite easy for them!", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "HELLO!", "unixReviewTime": 1324512000, "reviewTime": "12 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A38PSGB949D22C", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 19], "reviewText": "What a huge disappointment this thing is.I purchased two Kindle Fires this past week for me and my wife.  Within a few minutes of using it, I knew I disliked it.  For starters, it took over a minute to load Google.com.  I did all the \"fixes\" that Amazon recommends, like disabling accelerated browsing (which is ridiculous since this is a key feature Amazon sells for the Fire).  Still no change.  I did a full factory reset.  No change.  I finally called customer support (the rep wanted me to do everything I had already done) and asked her what Amazon's official statement on webpage loading time was.  She said, \"We say that 60 seconds should be an acceptable load time for a web page.\"  A minute to load a simple page like Google?  The ironic part is that I could load webpages faster on Kindle 3G than the Fire could.  No thanks, Amazon.Other solutions to Amazon's programming blunders involved rooting the device.  I seriously considered this, but finally decided it was ridiculous to have to root a device just to make it useable.The whole purpose of a tablet, in my opinion, is for it to do more than just one thing well (i.e. read books).  I will say the video streaming was great, but definitely not worth keeping these devices.  I can get the Netflix app on any device, as well as the Kindle app.Both Fires are being sent back to Amazon, and my wife and I will be heading to the Apple store tomorrow to check out the new iPads.  We'll also be looking at other REAL Android-powered devices.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "I Really Wanted to Like the Kindle Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1334966400, "reviewTime": "04 21, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A39DQIQ1GO2J4Y", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "bookfinder \"bookfinder\"", "helpful": [16, 19], "reviewText": "I just got my kindle fire... The only thing that I see a downfall is that their is no usb cord for transferring files, but you are warned ahead of time that their is none... It is just like an ipod touch/ipad... It actually for me runs faster than my iPod touch... I like this  better than the nook... The tabs are a little tricky to get used to, but eventually you get used to it...I am editing my review for many reasons...Kindle has officially won me over :) ...I have had experience with kobo, ipod touch/ipods, kindle, and nook color/regular nook... Of all the ereaders I believe this one is the best... It can do everything your iPod touch can do + more and it is faster... seriously... i don't know if it's just with the age of my ipod touch or what, but I find it faster on loading web and everything...Between kobo, ipod, nook color, and kindle fire email featureskobo their is nonekindle and ipod touch/ipad are somewhat tied... They can both load almost every email, however... I am having tech issues getting my college email set up on the kindle fire... I did however, have issues getting it set up on the ipod touch, so it may just be me typing something wrong... Nook color/tablet email only lets you use gmail and hotmail... no one else...Documents... The only document I believe that nook color/tablet supports and kindle fire doesn't is epub... I could be wrong on that, but I don't use many of the others... However, that issue doesn't bother me because epub can be converted through calibre... The kindle fire however, can support comics and you can read comics while on the nook color/tablet you can't...Kindle Fire applications are larger than the nook color/tablet applications as well... basically you are looking at the ipod store applications when you buy kindle fire... nook color does not have many applications... I actually look to seeing farmville being on the amazon store in the future... they already have that word game from zynga, so farmvilles probably next :)Price wise the kindle fire is the cheapest tablet... well next to the kobo... I think kindle fire and kobo are the same price, i haven't checked on it, but the ipad, and nook color are more expensive...Kindle fire uses the previous kindle cables if you need to transfer files, it is strong and reliable... what I have been complaining about to other people about the nook color/tablet cord is that it falls apart were it gets plugged into the device... I realize that it hasn't happened to all people, but for a majority of us it has happened to... If you look at the B&N; website search and find their cord... you will see what I mean it has a 2 star review I think... The adapter for the kindle fire is like the original kindle cable/similar to it... It looks strong enough, but I guess we'll see as the time comes... I didn't have problems with the nook color cable until about a month or 2 after I purchased it...Kindle Fire will allow you to transfer microsoft office/word documents, which I now see as a plus... I didn't expect that feature... it will be handy for my homework assignments since I am an online student... I don't think nook color has that feature, but I may be wrong... I have not really used the nook color a lot since the cord kept breaking... I got P/o'd with it...The Nook color does have the sd card slot for adding additional memory, but kindle fire has cloud memory that makes up for it... you can basically buy unlimited memory in cloud... i don't have the prices, but it was showing me when I registered my kindle fire to cloud... then you can upload your own files into cloud, so really their is no need for a sd card slot...Kobo, is a good device, but I wouldn't really recommend it to anyone... They have a neat feature with the reader awards... basically you can get awards for reading at certain times/books... You can't really buy many accessories for it or do much with the kobo now though, since borders went bankrupt, so I don't see a point in buying one...The sound is also much much louder on the kindle fire than the nook color...That's pretty much all I can think of... The kobo kind of went out since borders went out of business, so their kind of competition, but their not... you can buy different colors which I see that as a plus because I was drawn to their pink kobo, but you can more or less buy accessories and make your kindle fire/nook color pink... Then the kobo software is very tricky... like after how many uses it ask you to format their device and you basically loose everything... :( You don't get that with nook color or kindle...I am still with my previous post in the forum though... I am pretty much boycotting nook color/tablet until they fix the cable... I just don't see what the point of buying a device that in the future you won't be able to charge it because your cable will break and their will be no warranty to replace the cable... When I look to buy a device I expect nearly 100% of the device and all it's functions/what's included with it... I have not had any problems with kindle fire cable, but I have not owned it long enough to experience any problems... however, if i do, i will edit my review... Their is the plus side though that the original kindle cables are compatible with the kindle fire, so if you have a previous cable from another kindle, you can use it with your kindle fire. :) nook color/tablet doesn't offer that otherwise I'd switch to the nook simple touch cable... it's a lot stronger...Ok I have found a couple flaws to the kindle fire...1... no more sound buttons... you can only change the volume through the settings... I see this as a downfall, but i also see this as a plus... sometimes unless I have the hold button turned on my ipod, I accidentally change the sound, so that can be a plus in that way2... the kindle fire doesn't keep a charged when plugged in usb mode... it is like the nook color and the only way you can charge it is through the adapter not when you plug it into the computer... i assume that is why their is no usb code...3... itunes purchases aren't supported... well i'm not sure about music, but I tried an itunes mp4 file, and it wasn't supported, however i never expected it to be.and the kindle fire still continues impresses me... I just found a feature in the settings, but you can change your notification sounds... theirs like 7 or so to choose from... I set mine to pixie dust :)And hopefully this is the last time I have to edit, but I just found something amazing again :) If you are on the home menu, and you click and hold on the book/document you can delete it... even if it is a personal document that you transferred onto it... No other device can do that, that I know of... All the others you have to plug in to deleteKindle fire seems to work with every email, except I am still struggling to set up my kent email to it... It was hard getting it set up to my ipod though... I don't know what's causing the issues, but next time I go up to campus, I'll see what I'm doing wrong... The nook color/tablet only let you use certain emails such as gmail and hotmail, but yahoo it doesn't work with or like aol... unlike the kindle fire... almost every email works with the kindle fire, it has the same set up as the ipod touch/ipadAnd found more positive things about the kindle fire... For the microsoft office documents, go to the word application... not sure if that's what it's called... anyways click into that... don't enter those programs inside it though... click browse and you can load all your personal documents including files under microsoft office... This is what I am excited about because all my homework is due using microsoft office, so I can edit on the go...Then if you are a prime member, you can stream certain movies for free... they only have certain movies right now though... I think it's 10 movies total...My only complaint about the movies is that you can't view/stream your flixster movies... i think it's because of the way the app is designed...update June 28, 2012The carousel is annoying... it took me a while day to remove all my books from it, so that the only ones that show are the books I am reading... I was trying to scroll to find a book quick at school, and I was embarrassed because my friend was watching me over my shoulder, and he saw a lot of books on it I wish he hadn't seen... I have the books I read more often on the favorites, but I wish they made a clear all button on the carousel... or either that they should remove it all together.Their also seems to be a glitch with the facebook share feature... sometimes when I finish a book at 100%, it will let me post, but I have to keep prompting it... Like right now I am reading the Hunger games on it, and if you scroll to 100%, it won't let you post... not sure what's up, but that feature needs to be fixed... I like letting my friends know when I've read books like that especially when it's ones their trying to read.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "no issues...", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3C594STTASCCR", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 19], "reviewText": "I got my Kindle Fire today, and so far, I'm not very impressed.  I'm writing this review from the perspective of the device as a book reader.  I bought this because I have loved my previous e-ink Kindles.  But the book reader application on the fire doesn't do some things the older readers allow.  The primary \"Con\" that is making me consider returning it is that there is no way to change the default dictionary on the device.  I purchased alternative dictionaries to look up words in Spanish.  I can find no way to change the default dictionary.  This is a show stopper for me.  Hopefully this is something that will be addressed quickly in an update.  I have my doubts.On the bright side, the display is beautiful and bright.  The size is good for book reading and the pages turn quickly.  It will be great for reading in the car at night or at home when the light is low.I'll update this after I get more time with the device.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Not the greatest book reader", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3D7UFKB6BE61Z", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "A. Green", "helpful": [16, 19], "reviewText": "I've had my Amazon Kindle Fire for just over 24 hours now. In that time I have watched TV shows and movies, checked my Facebook, Twitter, and email, read books, played games, listened to music, and surfed the web. In every case, the Fire exceeded my expectations. It was intuitive and easy to use, the picture is absolutely beautiful, and it seems quick and responsive.I am giving it five stars because it performs exactly as it was advertised. Some people have given the Fire poor reviews because of what it lacks, but since it clearly advertised what it came equipped with, this is just silly. The Fire is an amazing little device for the price. It never claimed to be an iPad, or to come with a camera or expandable SD slot. So to give it low reviews for NOT having/being those things is ridiculous.My only complaint is the carousel. It spins to fast, is hard to use, and displays the entire contents of the archive and the recent history. I am still giving this device five stars because I am certain that Amazon, who excels in their customer service, will soon release an update to allow customization or disabling of the carousel. In the meantime, it is a minor annoyance in an otherwise wonderful little gadget.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Beautiful, Simple, Everything It Claims To Be And More", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3DHEEACE1ZQ9O", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 19], "reviewText": "Do not buy this POS!  Save your money for an IPad.  I bought a Fire for my daughter and it worked as advertised for about 2 months, then it went black. Dead. Nothing.  Contacted Kindle customer service several times, all fruitless efforts in getting a repair or replacement.  Terrible service.  I've owned an IPad for three years, and not 1 major issue.  Buyer Beware.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Smoke no Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1334102400, "reviewTime": "04 11, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A3E4XN2B0EE1H", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 19], "reviewText": "I bought this item trusting Amazon, without reading any reviews and hate it. Couldn't return it since I live in another country and a friend transported it for me. Prime doesn't work outside of USA. It doesn't work if 1 click setting with a US card is not activated, not even for downloading free apps. Why let you pay for it with a foreign card then? These things should be informed.Google based apps are disabled. Now that's a dirty move, using their android system and then blocking them. I want to be able to check a decent map, not the lousy one that can be loaded. You can hack it and download Google apps through a parallel store, but it's not that simple and not for the average user.Navigation is weird, no home button outside of the touch screen, no volume button. Flash comes disabled by default, so you have to go around searching how to activate it. Instead of displaying a correct message explaining this when you try to access a page with flash, it makes you download it and obviously afterwards it doesn't work. Couldn't find a way to transfer content from my computer onto it. It comes with a horrible, bulky cable that plugs directly into the wall.It shouldn't come with the user preloaded. Come on Amazon, we live in a world full of hackers, pirates and bad intentioned people! If you still feel like you should buy this useless object, click on \"this is a gift\".", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Useless outside of USA. Hate it.", "unixReviewTime": 1332201600, "reviewTime": "03 20, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A3HAOIT3XS3TIL", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Amazon Customer", "helpful": [18, 19], "reviewText": "Setup was a snap and I was watching a movie within minutes of starting it up.  Easy access to my music and books.  It does exactly what I bought it for - a device to access my media files quickly and seamlessly.The display is quite nice.  Althought I worried about the smallish display, it was fine for watching videos.  The built in speakers are serviceable, but not outstanding - what do you expect?  A decent set of headphones works wonders.  The build feels sturdy and hefty - not at all flimsy and delicate.  I would feel comfortable tossing this in a coat pocket, glove box, or carry on luggage.That's my initial take with two hours playing with it.  I'll post an update after the two week mark.  For the money and designed purposes, it's a bargain at $199.  I would've paid the rumored $249, but hard pressed to buy it at $299.  So far, the biggest winning factor is the seamless and smooth integration with Amazon, the Cloud, and Prime.  It's not the sexiest tablet on the block, but what's under the hood makes it a good buy.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "fun right out of the box!", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3KOPJ34L5E43B", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 19], "reviewText": "I have been Amazon since the beginning. Until last week,  I had not have any kind of complain. It is a perfect company. It was...First of all, I am writing this review using my laptop because the Amazon WebStore App for Kindle Fire does not have the same resources and links.I can not believe that Amazon launched such a limited product, hard to use and incredibly slow.Try to view your photos. If you have many of them...What a pity", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Disappointed", "unixReviewTime": 1324512000, "reviewTime": "12 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3M0B1JOWT970B", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 19], "reviewText": "i have only had the fire for a few hours and not really impressed. it's a little heavier than i expected it to be. if i fall asleep while reading it, it will hurt much worse than my 3rd gen kindle when it hits me in the face.The on/off switch is in an inconvient spot. I can't count the number of times it's asked me if I'm sure I want to turn it off. I wasn't aware I had pressed the off button. hopefully this won't be an issue once my cover arrives.I am not overly excited with the \"semi\" preloaded apps. they have to be fully installed to use them. i have't found a way to remove them completely. uninstalling them just puts them back in the \"semi\" loaded status.On the upside it's easy to hold, colors are great and downloads really fast. except for magazines, that takes awhile.I'll give it a few more days before i make final opinion.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "not terrible impressed yet", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3MK4MGSU22GR", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 19], "reviewText": "What am I supposed to do without Cameras? What else is missing? Can it locate itself if it is lost like the iPad?Of course it's cheaper than an iPad, it's dummer!But it plays Flash Player movies... that's great! And the word replacement is smarter than iPad's!I might still buy one, but be wary of its exaggerated features.TaosGuy1/4/2012 UPDATE:My wife and I Just got a \"Fire\" each today. We are iPad owners too! So we are experienced \"Pad\" users. Had fun with them all afternoon. Really nice!No problems yet... We bought nice notebook type covers for them so holding them is no problem.Response is great, faster than my iPad2. But, I did an Internet order and couldn't print out the damn receipt!!! There's no Printer option???Or have I missed something?1/11/2012 UPDATE:A little small after being used to the iPad, but great for meetings. (Calender) and reading.TaosGuy", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Looks Good, but where's the Camera & Printer?", "unixReviewTime": 1325030400, "reviewTime": "12 28, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3QY0KJP5FOM5H", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 19], "reviewText": "The build-in interface is inflexible and not terribly well-designed.This weekend I spent time rooting, installing the missing google apps (Google Maps, Google Talk, Google Music, etc), installing the typical android market app (which opens the available apps significantly) and installing a custom app launcher instead of that terrible bookshelf launcher. Those apps that weren't available to the Kindle in the Market (including NYTimes and GrooveIP) I was able to install by using backups on my phone.After all that, this tablet is a somewhat more appealing; a good tablet option for people on a budget. Now I can do almost everything I want with it.Unfortunately, even jail-broken the tablet is not terribly slick. I'm not sure whether it's the touch screen or the power of the computer, but I find it to be glitchy and unresponsive much more often than my android phone.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "OK Budget Tablet but Requires Rooting and Patience", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3S9ZYOO7FP4EQ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [9, 19], "reviewText": "Such a great product for the price.. The look feel makes me think this product should be 400 not 200.. The silk broswer is sikly smooth", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Amazing product for a Amazing Price!", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3TIAR46046O8Y", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 19], "reviewText": "I ordered the Kindle Fire as a Christmas gift for my husband to replace his old second generation one. (It works fine but without all the extra bells and whistles.)Good thing we decided to open it when it arrived. The first one was defective and had to be returned. (This is the SECOND Kindle we had problems with of the five we have received in the mail.)Then, it took over a week to finally get all the books loaded onto it. (Three consultations with three different people before we could finally get that to work right.)Now that the books are uploaded, we discover that the text-to-speech feature we used often on our old Kindles is no longer available with the Fire!EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED!So it goes back permanently.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Nothing But Trouble", "unixReviewTime": 1322438400, "reviewTime": "11 28, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A6KAKS4MSAJGN", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 19], "reviewText": "I realize that Amazon is vying for the Apple people, but even though the Ipad does not have a SD card slot as well, the Ipad is sooooooo much better!  Since I have been using an Ipad for a year now, I thought for sure the Kindle Fire would be easier to use and it took me 2 hours to figure out alot of it and I was disappointed that there was no SD card slot, but a small USB port, which means, you would have to buy an adapter in order to use a USB port.  I bought 2 for gifts and though I am keeping one for a friend because all she wants it for is to play games, I am taking the other one back and getting the B&N Nook color because of the SD expansion slot!  I LOVE Amazon and buy a lot for them, but I am disappointed in the Kindle Fire.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Not worth it!", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AAIX23YB9KXYV", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 19], "reviewText": "Hardest device I have ever setup, can't get any real answers from a person help keeps taking me in circles, cloud is useless, maybe if you could at least email support it would eliminate the review.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "OMG", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ACAA2SMBUQ69B", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 19], "reviewText": "Updated Mar 2013: As I read this review I think maybe I jumped before I knew enough to know the shortcomings I would find. Now I see many of my issues apparently have heard & noticed if I had waited I might have found I liked the newer ones better. I have grown used to my Kindle Fire now & like it better than my Nook color. Each has something different to offer in what makes it useful for you.Just talk to others who have each before you buy or read their reviews. Each has strengths the other doesn't offer so be sure to check out the difference. I found I love to stream old hard to find tv programs like The Twilight Zone using my Prime membership which works when I take the time to figure it out again.Review when I first got it: I have to admit I have not played with my new Kindle Fire much. I opened it, tried it & found it small for my fingers to hit the right things.  I was also disappointed to discover that I had to connect to the internet instead of the always on 3G I have on my other kindle.  I am not sure what to do now as it severely limits the plans I had with how I planned to use it.  I am not sure the feature lack are going to keep this from working for me. If I was sure the 3G would or could be added later down the road it would make a difference. The color is awesome, the pictures beautiful.  The print is way too small but with a little finger work can be made bigger but that limits how much of the page can be viewed.  I am assuming this means the screen must be smaller than my older kindle. Not much more I can say at this time.  Just make sure to check out all the specs carefully before buying. I was also confused that I had to pay for 2 day shipping when it comes with 30 day Prime membership. That was later corrected.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "disappointed at first, not so much now , big learning curve for me", "unixReviewTime": 1322092800, "reviewTime": "11 24, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ADHHXWCC7OSLN", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [0, 19], "reviewText": "I had an issue with my kindles delivery, and amazon went out of there way to make there situation right. I feel very good with shopping threw Amazon and am very great foul for there care for customer service", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "amazon takes care of there coustamers.", "unixReviewTime": 1328486400, "reviewTime": "02 6, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "AE7R6TNMQ45L0", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 19], "reviewText": "Okay, I am am a big kindle fan.  I had all generations and loved them all but favorite is the kindle 3g wifi.  The Kindle DX was pretty nice but too big, and i couldn't carry it my purse.  Than Kindle Fire came out, and boy I couldn't wait.  So it finally came. I should state, I am in the military, overeseas.  The Kindle is pretty popular with the military.  I was very dissapointed in it.  I couldn't download any movies, songs and the apps for it is limited.  I am used to 3 g and able to download books anywhere at anytime for a little fee and that was what made the kindle awesome.  Kindle fire, you NEED wifi to download books and forget about downloading movies and music, it will not let you due to not being in the states.  You could have been the only competitor for Ipad but it seems you just gave up.  I am not a IPAD fan at all and was very excited about kindle coming out with their own version of the tablet.  But it just did not live up to par.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Almost...but not quit...", "unixReviewTime": 1324339200, "reviewTime": "12 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AENPG6LU39VYA", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 19], "reviewText": "I lost my Ipad and after much research decided to get a Kindle Fire.  I am so disappointed every time I pick it up.  I haven't been able to download public library books, can not get Angry Birds to work, email is so hard to read and there's no volume or brightness controls.  I have not been able to find answers to my issues and no phone contact to call.  I am very sorry I bought this and it insults me that people compare it to an Ipad; the Kindle Fire doesn't hold a candle to Ipad.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "So Disappointed", "unixReviewTime": 1327622400, "reviewTime": "01 27, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "AGYGNOC9E3DY4", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Marco Arment", "helpful": [13, 19], "reviewText": "The Fire has many flaws. It's sluggish, it's buggy, it has poor touch detection and precision, and its battery life is miserable for reading compared to any e-ink Kindle. The page-turning animation in books is slow and distracting. Magazines are frustrating and nearly unusable. Video playback desperately needs real volume buttons and a bigger library. Don't count on the terrible, buggy, stuttery Netflix app to boost the streaming library. And if you want to take videos or music with you away from connectivity, like on a plane or on vacation, the Fire's 6 GB of usable space isn't nearly enough.Previously, the Kindle name represented a line of products that focused on one task and did it extremely well, better than anything else on the market. The Fire attempts to do a lot, and does almost all of it poorly. It doesn't deserve the Kindle name.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Disappointing for a Kindle", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AHDWUUID7IG8M", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 19], "reviewText": "I just got my Kindle Fire as a birthday present. I enjoyed a day of sheer frustration.  I bought a used Kindle from a friend 5 months ago and really enjoy it.  So I was expecting the Fire to be like that reader with a bunch of upgrades and features like color, some apps, email etc.  I was not expecting an iPad or other tablet like device.  So I'm not disappointed because it doesn't compare to those.  I'm disappointed because it just doesn't seem to work.  70% of the time I'm typing, errant characters appear or the cursor jumps back, so instead of 'hello' it ends up 'ellho' or if I type 'i' I get 'iqqa'. That's very frustrating when trying to type in a password that's hidden as you type.  It also often takes several taps to get a button to register, if it ever does at all. When moving through the pages of an app it suddenly throws me back to the start page.  And even the reader isn't usable, since it randomly flips back to the previous page.  I also am learning that once you add an app, you can't get rid of it, well you can't get rid of it's icon...really?  I can't delete it?  So far my Fire experience has been a nightmare.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "BUGGY?  DEFECTIVE?  POORLY MADE?  Something is wrong.", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AIXY10UXZBDZL", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 19], "reviewText": "nothing but bugs,it's a pieces of you know what that they slapped together for the xmas season. the Indians in india help don't help. they only know how to put you on hold.save your money and get the apple or samsung. nothing works right on the fire. i'm sending mine back and my wifes. a cell phone works better.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "don't buy it,save money,get apple or samsung", "unixReviewTime": 1322870400, "reviewTime": "12 3, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AJEL784U661PR", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 19], "reviewText": "Not a happy camper with this device. I was told that my Wall St Journal subscription would transfer from my original Kindle to the Fire....WRONG!!!If I would have been told the truth about this I would have purchased a different KindleDevice does no respond will to taps to get Home page option to show.The original Kindle was much easier to use. Don't waste your money..get an Ipad instead", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "No Wall Street Journal for Kindle Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AKHQQM1VUN5EJ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 19], "reviewText": "Bads:Must to have features> No volume rocker, so video will stop when you attempt to adjust the volume.> No Home buttonOther Disappointments> Touch screen is not so responsive, often need to touch twice> Way slower than other tablets out there, it seems that silk of no use.> If display goes off (screen time out), then video will start from beginning.> Heavier compare to screen size.> No android marketGood: Compared to IPAD it is cheap, but compared to other android tablets it is not so cheap.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Amazon disappointed! but we still love Amazon but not Fire though", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AKJEY3TQ9QI0K", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 19], "reviewText": "Well we opened my fiances kindle fire today to see that it would not connect to the internet even after following every online direction possible. After hours of troubleshooting to no luck I decided to call the amazon help line. For my first call I was hung up on after a few minutes. For my second call I was told that the representative would call me back in 30 minutes so that the kindle could get a full charge. That representative never called me back so I then called the third time only to be hung up on after the representative could not speak english well enough to understand my fiances email address. This is terrible service for how much I have purchased on amazon...guess its back to walmart.Also, the representative said we needed version 6.2 which you would think would come standard on a brand new fire. They then told me to get a cord. I should not have to buy more things so that the kindle can function as advertised. They also suggested resetting the router. I am not going to be asking every place I am at if they will reset their router when the kindle is the problem.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Terrible Service From Amazon", "unixReviewTime": 1324166400, "reviewTime": "12 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AR0C18BVYZ73K", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 19], "reviewText": "So I love my kindle, and I love my iPad.  But I hate the Kindle Fire.  It doesn't have all the things that make a kindle great.  Battery life is 7 hours instead of a month.  And the screen is illuminated so reading is awful compared to the traditional kindle.OK, so then maybe we compare it to the iPad?  It loses in every department except price.  It's pretty heavy for its size, has a battery life of 7 hours versus the iPad's 10+ hours, and you are restricted to buying content from Amazon.Maybe it's just me, but I'll stick with my regular Kindle.  The reading experience on the Fire is just awful.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "The worst of both worlds", "unixReviewTime": 1321833600, "reviewTime": "11 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AVHFM91RNB28B", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [9, 19], "reviewText": "I picked up my Kindle Fire today and am generally satisified with the purchase. However, I was very disappointed that Amazon went out of their way to block direct access to the full Android Market app store.  I couldn't believe that when I tried to access the Android Market (not Amazon), the browser kept re-directly me back to the Amazon App Store.  Come on Amazon, your available apps are pathethic.  I could only find 1 of 20 apps that I already have loaded on my Android phone.  I was also disappointed in the speed of the browser.  It seemed very sluggish to me especially given than the Fire has a dual core processor.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Leaning toward disappointed", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AY2THMCBIAXFW", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 19], "reviewText": "I am long time Kindle user. Received Fire last Thusday. Unfortunately after using it for one day it was clear the Fire was not ready for prime time. Web, email interface were very clumsy compared to same on my iPhone.Touch screen was not smooth and did not always work - seemed like a software glitch.Bottom line I returned the unit today and ordered an iPad.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Not Prime", "unixReviewTime": 1322438400, "reviewTime": "11 28, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1052FQY7XU5FP", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 18], "reviewText": "Purchased for Valentines day for my wife.  She reads a lot and I thought she would enjoy this product by downloading e-books.  She said the pricing is about double what she can buy a paperback at Sam's or Costco.  She will not use this for reading.  I've been trying to use for games (Hearts, Solitaire, etc., the web and different apps.  Whatever program I am on, it continually closes and I have to reopen constantly.  Very annoying and not worth using.  A total waste of $200.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Big disappointment", "unixReviewTime": 1331164800, "reviewTime": "03 8, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A10TL5MYMMS3IE", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 18], "reviewText": "Some call it the \"iPad killer\" but don't hold your breath.  The Kindle Fire is a big disappointment.  Here is where Amazon went wrong:- Terrible security feature.  Granted, there is a password \"screen\" lock, but the biggest gripe is that there is no way to prevent any user of the tablet (think about your kids...) making purchases for apps or content with no check in place, such as a PIN or password.  And all those purchases get immediately charged to your credit card that's on file with Amazon.- No hardware volume control, so changing volume is not always easy.- Sluggish and inaccurate touch screen.  Often, it is necessary to tap twice (or a looooong press) to get the touch screen to recognize a press.- The home page has a \"carousel\" showing your recent activity.  There is NO way to remove what is displayed here, so that could be a privacy issue.  The carousel also unhelpfully displays content (in my case this seems to be books) that is no longer on the device.What does the Fire do that's good?  Not much, in my book.  It's in the box and I am off to UPS to return it now.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Epic Fail, Mr Bezos!", "unixReviewTime": 1323907200, "reviewTime": "12 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A11BL621D9MLZ3", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 18], "reviewText": "There is no gps on Kindle.  However, they sell APS for \"Night Sky\" and \"Where is my Kindle\" that both require gps to even work.  I have no idea how many other APS they sell for Kindle that require gps.  I was most interested in \"Night Sky\", and since it will not operate with Kindle because of the lack of gps - I returned my Kindle for a refund.  I still have not received my refund although enough time has passed that I should have by now.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "NO gps on a Kindle ordered from Amazon.com", "unixReviewTime": 1331683200, "reviewTime": "03 14, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A11YJN0I6D25PY", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Norma", "helpful": [16, 18], "reviewText": "the new Fire is wonderful.  Easy to set up, linked right away to my wi-fi, all my content that was \"in the cloud\" showed up immediately and I downloaded several books.  Looged in to one of my favorite web sites and watched some video (sound enhanced by a set of small speakers I use for the iPhone when I listed to audio books).  Great  screen resolution, ease of use, good produt manual.  Only negative, of course, no good at all in the sunshine. But that is ok as my use is about 95% inside.  Thanks for a great product!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Love my old Kindle DX But", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A128LSE0ETG6CA", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 18], "reviewText": "Kindle Fire, Full Color 7\" Multi-touch Display, Wi-FiI've been an Amazon Kindle user since the original Kindle 1 and have owned all the major subsequent models. I still use the Kindle 2 and my wife swears by the Kindle 3. So, we've looked to the Kindle Fire with great anticipation, since it would let us read now in poor light without having to use Kindle iPad apps. The first surprise when I started up the Kindle Fire was that I'd have to re-download all my currently active books. This means searching throughout the hundreds of books in my archive and is a nuisance but not a serious problem.  The second surprise was that previously purchased Kindle applications could not be downloaded to the Kindle Fire; it just can't run them. This was a deal-breaker for my wife, who enjoys playing word games between reading sessions. The third surprise was that the Web browser was slow and limited. The screen is too small for most Web sites and the system Amazon uses to render pages in the cloud does nothing to fit the content onto the screen in a legible size. So, forget Web surfing from the device. Fourth, there is no built-in email app that I could find.Lastly, and most importantly,  I was shocked to see that the Kindle Fire was pre linked to my Amazon account with absolutely no control to limit access. Not only that, one-click shopping was preset even though I've studiously avoided it for the past eight years and always turn it off whenever Amazon tries to inveigle me into it. It's just too easy to push a wrong button. And if I lose my Kindle Fire, my account becomes accessible to anyone who finds it. This will make Kindle Fires prime targets for thieves. I thought Amazon was more considerate of our wallets and our privacy. I have items in my shopping basket that I'm considering as Christmas presents; I don't want my wife to have easy access to those.So, I'm disappointed and have decided that life without the Kindle Fire will be easier than life with it. Back it goes!  At least Amazon is very considerate in processing returns. :-)", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Disappointed", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A15PC5SRKVX82X", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 18], "reviewText": "The Kindle Fire is a beautiful piece of hardware, and software, especially for $200.00It is remarkably fast with an excellent color screen and navigation is reasonably intuitive.And in spite of comments to the contrary, the touch screen works quite well with a little finesse. (even for a 66 year old husband with big hands.)But there are a few serious problems that should have been addressed before it was released.I spent over 12 hours trying to get the Fire to work with my older but still N capable Belkin N1 Router and failed completely.A new $130.00 cable MODEM router fixed this problem, But it should never have been a problem in the first place.The Router incompatibility is the Fires problem and it should not have been released in this condition.At one point Amazons advised me that I should get a USB cable and download the latest 6.2 operating system which I did. - - To no avail.For Amazon to have not included the necessary USB computer interface cable with the Fire which would have cost them less than 50 cents is ludicrous.Especially when the first thing they tell you to do is to hook up to your computer with the cable and download a new operating system.I am past that now, but there are some non tractable problems that you might want to think about.This is used on WiFi without a cell hookup, so there are definitely times when you will want to use downloaded stuff.The 8GB on board works fine for books and many apps, but downloading and playing video off line (not streaming) not so much.The Nook tablet has 16GB on board and plug in SD cards meaning hugely better access to saved movies or memory intensive content.And the much touted Cloud doesn't do you any good here. When your not WiFi connected, of course you are also not Cloud connected.A Blue tooth connection could have permitted easy interfacing to a host of add on peripherals, but the Fire doesn't have one.Now I know this isn't supposed to be an IPad clone, but these would have been cheap and truly valuable improvements and the Nook Tablet has most of them for $50.00 more.Unfortunately the Nook Tablet doesn't have Amazon or their Prime support. What you'd really like to have is the Kindle Fire Tablet it would be worth the extra $50.00.There are a few issues with security and twitchy interface, but these are minor and will no doubt be addressed in software with in a few weeks.The Fire is, for most of us, the better deal because of the Amazon support but I look forward to a version better equipped for on and off line use.(From my research it does appear that there are a few older routers that the Fire will simply not work with so if it doesn't work with yours see if you can get a connection at Starbucks or wherever and if you can just get a new router. This could be eventually addressed in software, but I doubt they will ever fully sort it out.)Bottom line, the Fire is seriously cool and easy to use and it has a lot of uses, just keep in mind the above limitations. I'm happy I got mine but you might want to wait for the expanded memory SD card version.By the way Web access is just fine. Of course Amazon presents itself favorably but they don't stand in the way of any other site that I have found.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Great value but a few serious limitations", "unixReviewTime": 1322784000, "reviewTime": "12 2, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A17FGAJCL11R9M", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 18], "reviewText": "Let me be clear about my review.  I really like the Kindle Fire.  It's a neat device and I think it has a real future.Here is the reason for my negative review and BUYER BEWARE:**If you have multiple Amazon accounts with purchased accounts in each, you CAN NOT use/view/enjoy the purchased content from the other accounts**(This is a policy change from gen 1, 2 and 3 Kindles.)IF you have more than one Amazon account, REMEMBER THIS BEFORE YOU BUY:  As soon as you deregister, you will lose ALL purchased content.  It will be deleted off your device and THERE IS NO WARNING.I had 2 seasons, 46 episodes, of the Big Bang Theory on my Fire.  It was around 4GB of content.  As soon as I deregistered to go to a different account, the Fire deleted all 46 episodes and 20 books I had downloaded WITHOUT WARNING.Again, if you have only one account, consider this a 5 star review.  Love it.If you have more than one account, consider this a ZERO star review.  HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE policy.  Amazon, fix this now!!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "BUYER BEWARE with multiple Amazon accounts!!!", "unixReviewTime": 1324425600, "reviewTime": "12 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A17MQ2OK5JTEEI", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 18], "reviewText": "I am a huge Amazon fan and really wanted to like the Fire.  I've had every e-ink Kindle and also have an iPad 1 and iPad 2.  I wasn't expecting it to be as good as an iPad being that it is less than half the price however I also wasn't expecting the experience to be so frustrating.My #1 complaint is the scrolling and zooming is so choppy! By comparison everything on the iPad runs so much smoother.  This is something that I just can't get used to.  Even at the $200 price point. If you have an iPad or have used one for a significant period of time this slowness/choppiness will be the first thing you notice.So I ended up returning it after 3 days and now have a Kindle Touch which I absolutely love.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Slow, Unrefined, Buggy. Very disappointed.", "unixReviewTime": 1321747200, "reviewTime": "11 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A19N3S7CBSU6O7", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 18], "reviewText": "There are a lot of reviews out there, I'll go over the Pros and Cons and compare this to it's main competitor, the Nook Color (Not the Nook Tablet).At $199 this and the Nook Color (NC) are pretty much comparable, but the NC bests the Fire in many respects.Pros of the Fire:+Amazon Ecosystem - if you are willing to spend $79 per year, you have full access to streaming video, etc... And of course free two day shipping on orders! -- but $79/year is expensive. Also you get the Cloud drive, which is pretty much a requirement with no storage expansion options.+1 Ghz processor is pretty fast.Pros of the NC:+More books readily available for it -- that is from the manufacturer (without using third party conversion software).  2.5 million vs. 1 million from Amazon.+More magazines and newspapers available for it.+VividView IPS screen is brighter than the Fires standard IPS screen, and bonded for glare reduction.+Physical buttons for many functions -- e.g. Volume up/down.+Micro SD card slot allows for storage expansion, especially nice for movies/TV shows.+Microphone -- this is nice for recording your voice for reading books to kids.+Security -- You can use parental controls to limit your kids usage, and the NC arrives unregistered, so no one can steal your NC and run up a bill.+Netflix and other media apps are available.Cons of both:Both have only 512 K of RAM, which means you'll be doing things slower.Both are sluggish in terms of touch-screen response.  Magazines are hard to read, while the pictures are bright and colorful.No bluetooth.  While you can root the Nook and get Bluetooth functionality, this is something \"techies\" do.Lack of accessories for both.Lack of native Office apps for both, while the Nook will work with spreadsheets and presentations and the Fire will only work with Word documents (out of the box).Overall, if you are looking for an inexpensive option in this category the Nook Color is actually a better device, it's more mature, and offers more of most everything, except for Amazon content.  If you are a hard-core Kindle Defense Force type of person you will most likely not be satisfied with anything that does not have the Kindle label on it, so go for the Fire.If you want to step it up a notch, go for the Nook Tablet, for $49 more you will get a near-full-functioning-tablet for a pretty sweet price.If you want to do everything right now, have access to full functions, etc... look into a full-on Android tablet or an iPad.  Yes they are $500 (or more) but they offer twice what you will get from a low end device.I would not recommend the Kindle Fire, simply because the Nook Color is the same price and offers more than the Fire does for most customers.  Again for the die-hard Kindle fan, nothing will be \"good\" if it doesn't have the Kindle label on it, no matter what anyone says.************ Edit **************Just in case you are still on the fence, take a look at some of the News reports about the fire, and tech expert's opinions.  Here is a sampling:From USA Today Tech:  \"Early buyers of Amazon's tablet-like e-reader, the Kindle Fire, are beginning to find what many had feared: it's not really a tablet computer at all.\"  And goes on to state \"These early adopters are running into an experience that is often clunky, a touchscreen that isn't super responsive, a Web browser that struggles on many websites and head-scratching hardware omissions. (There are no volume buttons.)\"From The New York Times:  \"The Kindle Fire, Amazon's heavily promoted tablet, is less than a blazing success with many of its early users. The most disgruntled are packing the device up and firing it back to the retailer.\"From Jakob Nielsen, tech industry insider:  \"Amazon.com's new Kindle Fire offers a disappointingly poor user experience. Using the web with the Silk browser is clunky and error-prone. Reading downloaded magazines is not much better.\"This is not something you will want to purchase if you are on the fence.  There are better products out there, including the Nook Color or Nook Tablet, and of course the iPad.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Smoking, but no Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1BI07NEDMEBXN", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Blaster B \"BB\"", "helpful": [12, 18], "reviewText": "I was really looking forward to getting the Kindle Fire. I wanted it for browsing, for music, for books, etc. I don't need an iPad--nor do I want to spend $600. On the other hand, I want reliable WiFi access. This thing is testing my hatred for returning things. It drops my WiFi connection so often I feel like throwing it into the trash. Why produce a thing with such promise and send it out with such a debilitating flaw? Every other wireless device I use has a very simple set it and forget it wireless setup. This one pretends to have that--but it lies. It allows you to set it, and then, guess what? IT forgets it! Hah! One second I'm connected, the next I'm not. Great! The whole rely on the cloud thing kinda goes out the window when I CAN'T STAY CONNECTED.I don't have this issue with any other device I use. I have the latest update. How can they talk about streaming movies and music using a device that could cut out at any moment?Did no one test this thing before sending it out the door?The only reason I am not sending it back (today) is that I am lazy when it comes to returning things, and stupidly optimistic that, maybe, it might just work right, someday. . .I feel like I've been scammed.01/20/12Well, I've had it for about one month and Wi-Fi still comes and goes. Talk about buyer's remorse. One of the reasons I bought the Kindle was to reduce the number of devices I have with me in our living room--to avoid using my laptop or iPhone for simple browsing. Well, I still have to keep both nearby because I can't rely on the Kindle to maintain it's WiFi connection.Even as I write this I am thinking about browsing around for another tablet.Sad.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Ummm. . .WiFi is important", "unixReviewTime": 1324512000, "reviewTime": "12 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1D9LS36DAYF28", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 18], "reviewText": "I purchased the Fire knowing that it was really designed to make shopping at Amazon easier, but I also understood the Fire runs on Android which is not the case. The operating system is so locked down it reminds me of an Apple product.The Fire runs Googles Android operating system, and yet you can not even install Gmail on the Kindle Fire. Don't even think of trying to access the Android Market because the Fire can not find the Google Market, but it can find over priced Amazon apps that are free on Google market.The bottom line ; If your in the market for a tablet save your money as this Android powered tablet is weak as a tablet but powerful if you want to shop on Amazon.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Save your money", "unixReviewTime": 1323734400, "reviewTime": "12 13, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1DH6DI4W4DKII", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [10, 18], "reviewText": "This device is good for the price, but has a lot of problems.  It reminds me a lot of my first generation iPhone, when it first came out, the OS was very rough and had very limited functionality, and the hardware wasn't great either.The issues with this device:- Touch screen registers a drag rather than a tap 2/3 of the times you try to tap- The audio hardware has a very loud background hiss all the time, so it is useless for anyone who likes good quality audio.- There is no 3G option,- Wifi can not to connect to an Ad-hoc connection, so it won't tether to most mobile phones and mobile hotspots.  You need to make sure your phone or hotspot can create an infrastructure mode access point. This isn't documented but I have tested and many others report the same issue.- No bluetooth, so no chance to tether on bluetooth and no bluetooth headset for VOiP/Video etc.- Very limited memory, only 6GB usable.  6GB is only 3 full length movies at reasonable quality- Storage is not expandable, e.g. no SD slot- Battery life is average and the battery is non-removable so you can't purchase a second battery- No USB cable supplied with the device, and USB is the only (easy) way to load media onto the device so you will need to buy your own. (you can install a 3rd party media manager and use it to download files over CIFS or FTP, but it is VERY slow)- Wifi is G only, no N, so file transfers over Wifi are very slow.- The device is uncomfortable to hold due to the squared off edges and the placement of the headphone jack- Video encoded in a lower resolution than the screen will not stretch to full screen, instead it plays in a small letterbox window.- Very limited video and audio support.  Plan on re-encoding most things you want to load onto this device.- No GPS for maps, navigation etc.- Amazon try to say this device is for consuming content, and that you can have all you can eat Prime videos, but Prime is streaming only, you can't download and watch later.  The problem is every time you would use this small device you don't have Wifi so can't stream.  e.g. on the bus, on the plane, etc.- Not useful for reading books due to having a backlit LCD rather than the e-paper found on other kindles.- The email client is very limited and difficult to use.The good stuff:- Plays videos and audio without skipping- Most of the apps you want are available in the Amazon market place- Easy to purchase shows and movies from Amazon- 7\" screen size is great for use on the bus/rail/tube etc, more discrete than a 10\" device or a laptop.- Affordable price- Web browser seems to work well for most sites", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "good for the price, but a lot of problems", "unixReviewTime": 1322697600, "reviewTime": "12 1, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1GKP1TUFAVLL2", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 18], "reviewText": "I totally base my feedback on browser experience. I bought this tablet for browsing so that i can get away with laptop all the time,  but browsing takes forever in kindle.  Sites like facebook, outlook takes forever to render.  I had ASUS transformed before and browsing experience was extremely good.I am still waiting for soemtime updates incase its get better based on technology used, if not then i am going to return thisOthers features are good, like video, apps,screen resolution etc but browser needs lot of improvementI dont want to compare this with Ipad but sure that browser is one of main table feature which doesnt work well at this point of time.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Slow browser", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1LOKYRTDMHWQB", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 18], "reviewText": "I purchased this through Amazon assuming like in the past it would only be available through Amazon, so no need to bargain hunt. Right after I made the purchase Amazon changed the marketing plan for Kindles and they are now cared in store fronts. Throughout the Thanksgiving weekend most of these store fronts offered much better bundles or deals on the Fire. I lost money by trusting Amazon. Bottom line don't purchase it through Amazon.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "disappointing pricing", "unixReviewTime": 1322352000, "reviewTime": "11 27, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1M97ZR8OPE3I", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 18], "reviewText": "I bought a Kindle Fire for my wife as a birthday present. I used to have an Archos 70 and now I have an iPad 2 so I have had some experience with internet tablets. The Kindle Fire is much, much better than the Archos 70, but not nearly as good as the iPad 2. The iPad 2 is very smooth in every way. The Kindle Fire is kind of \"jerky\" when going from one page to another. The Archos 70 is probably the \"worst\" internet tablet out there. I guess you do get what you pay for a lot of times.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Not All it's Hyped up to be.....", "unixReviewTime": 1322179200, "reviewTime": "11 25, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1UPE8C7LWBCLP", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 18], "reviewText": "At first I was going to give this device 2 stars, but seeing as the customer service backing it up is completely useless, I'm dropping it to 1.Here's what's wrong:1) The screen. It is not a crisp screen with fast refresh.  It is a cheap screen that bands colors along the edges.  Even text on the Kindle \"app\" loses integrity along the edges. I like reading from my Kindle iPhone app before going to bed in a dark room and the screen can dim very low.  The brightness of the Fire is decent, but it cannot dim very low.  My entire room is lit up when the Fire is on and in the dimmest setting. It is also very prone to fingerprints.2) Laggy UI input.  Press the settings button and 2 seconds later, your settings bar drops down.  If you think \"Maybe I didn't press it\" and press it again, when it does finally pop up, it disappears just as quickly.  This makes getting to things like brightness and volume control annoying.  Which brings me to:3) No external volume control.4) Extremely slow internet browsing.  Want to stream from anything other than Amazon?  Too bad.5) Purchasing and downloading from Amazon is a scam. Downloading to the device so you can watch a movie away from wifi leads to an error.  The 24-hour rental period begins the moment you press \"Download to Device.\"  If you cancel the download, you cannot begin it again.  If you send an email to customer service, they don't assist you at all, but send a barrage of email templates that don't address anything you're experiencing.6) The Kindle app isn't nearly as complete as the one on the iPhone.  There is no pagination. Turning the virtual pages is also laggy.The good part is the price point and that's what I was sold on.  I will be returning the product.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Bad screen with horrible customer service", "unixReviewTime": 1324425600, "reviewTime": "12 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1XAR9ESZ5Q6CV", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 18], "reviewText": "Is it better to be mediocre at everything than good at one thing and bad at others? This tablet is an experiment seeking to answer that question.It's not a good e-reader; the screen is far worse than e-ink and not as distortion-free as the iPad. It's not a good movie player; it heats up after a while. The battery life is worse than its competitors. The apps still have a long way to go.But, it's cheap. And, it can do all of the various tablet activites passably well. So, if you need a tablet, but only have $200, and want to do everything, this may be the tablet for you.But otherwise, it's too heavy -- I can't tell the weight difference between it and my iPad2 in my hand! It heats up too much, even when just flipping pages in a PDF. I can't really recommend it.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Nice for the price, but neither a good color tablet nor e-reader", "unixReviewTime": 1322265600, "reviewTime": "11 26, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1Z6MRKQN4XQ57", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "MovieNut Dave \"Dave\"", "helpful": [16, 18], "reviewText": "I finally broke down and bought a Kindle - my primary purpose was to have an e-reader.  But the Kindle Fire really isn't going to fill the bill.  It's nothing more than a special purpose Tablet computer and for the price I would just as soon buy a Tablet.What I don't like about it:1.  It's heavy.  After about 15 minutes or so of holding this, your wrists and arms will really start to feel it.2.  Display.  Gorgeous full color.  But not really suitable for reading books.  If your interest is a e-book reader, you'll be much better off with an E-Ink model. And I can't even imagine attempting to read a magazine on this thing.3.  Web browser.  Works OK. But because of the small display a lot of web pages are hard to read even when looking at it in \"landscape\" orientation (sideways).  For some reason, some web pages don't permit you to scroll down, so you can't see the entire web page. This is probably caused by some sort of bug in the Amazon \"Silk\" web browser software, but just a guess on my part.4.  Touch screen.  Works pretty good, but sometimes you have to tap several times to get a function to work.5.  Speakers.  Reminds you of that old AM radio you used to have.  Zero bass. Yeah, I know, you're only going to get so much out of tiny speakers. Your earbuds will be a necessary accessory for your Fire.  (the equalizer may cure some of this, but I never got around to testing it after running into my lockup problems detailed below)6.  Document reader.  You get your documents to the Fire by emailing them to your @kindle email address.  Unfortunately, the document will download to the Fire only when you turn it on the next time (yep, this is what the Help files say).  So to actually read your document after emailing it, you need to shut it down and restart it.  (you can also move or copy your documents by using a USB cable - not included and available at extra cost. Hint: the cable that comes with your cell phone will probably work with this).Which brings me to the deal killer which had me packing it up for return:7.  Lockups. I emailed a .PDF file to my Fire and after shutting the Fire down and restarting it the document finally started to download - and never finished.  It's stuck in a download mode and I can't get it out.  On your personal Kindle page you can view your download Que, but there is no way to delete a document from the Que.  So this document is stuck in Downloading mode and there is no way to delete it.  So right there on the Carousel there is a big blank page with \"Downloading\" in the middle of it forever and ever. This leads to the Fire locking up and becoming non-responsive requiring a shutdown and restart (complete with that big blank page attempting to \"download\" right up front and center). And that's assuming you can get it to restart. I had problems with the \"unlock\" page on the startup.  Attempting to swipe the yellow arrow to the left (to unlock the unit) resulted in the arrow snapping back to the right side of the page and failing to unlock. Another shut down and restart usually cured this malady.What I like about it:1.  Easy to set up and get running right out of the package.  Virtually automatic registration with Amazon if you already have an Amazon account.2.  Great display - just not suitable for an e-reader.This is an OK piece of hardware, but not worth the price in my opinion.  If you want an e-reader, don't go this route.  Purchase one of the cheaper Kindles with e-ink.  Your wrists and eyes will thank you.  If you want a web browser, email handler, music player etc buy an iPad or other tablet computer.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "It's OK, but . . .", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A22PUDTSNP8TYN", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [10, 18], "reviewText": "I'll keep this short and sweet. This thing is THE iPad killer. Yes, there's no camera. Yes, there's no ... wait a minute, that's it. If you want to pay an extra $400 for a poor camera on a tablet, that you'll likely never use, then by all means the iPad 2 is for you. If not, this does everything just as good...some better!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "My iPad just got donated... to the closet!", "unixReviewTime": 1322438400, "reviewTime": "11 28, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A23O3OIISKXBKI", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 18], "reviewText": "The Kindle fire SUCKS! I want to write a 5 page long review but i dont have enough time so in other words, the touch screen sucks, laggy, first day I had it I had to call customer service because I had no web icon, save your money if u really want a tablet and get the iphone, and if u want to read, they have an app for the kindle for the app store. And it's just an annoying device I just want to throw it at the wall but I cant!", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "ipad is worth the extra $300", "unixReviewTime": 1325030400, "reviewTime": "12 28, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A23XEUZWVI8LYK", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "John Van Walsum \"Frequent flyer extrodinaire\"", "helpful": [15, 18], "reviewText": "This review is geared to those people that are whining about the Kindle Fire, and their perception of what it's lacking.  Let me say this; First and foremost, it's an \"AMAZON\" e-reader with multimedia capabilities, linking to Amazon's content.  That said, if you're looking for something more, pay more and get a full featured tablet.1. This device is linked to the largest book store on the Internet.  You're not reading every book you ever bought, so storing read books in the cloud is a great resource should you want to re-read the book again.  If you want free books to read, they have a lending library, and they gave you the ability to link it to your local library.  Only thing you need is a library card.2. Amazon built this device so you can access their video library while within range of wifi, yours at home or a wifi hotspot.  There are apps available to Netflix, Hulu and others, so you have choices.  If you expected to watch their free movies on a train, plane or automobile, you should have bought a tablet from Sprint, Verizon, AT&T;,  and subscribed to their 3g, 4g or lte to stream them to your device when ever, where ever.  If you had expectations for  Xfinity, Comcast is not in the tablet business.3. Amazon will sell you music in the mp3 format.  They'll store that music for you on the cloud, for free no less, and allow you access to it any time you want while in wifi range.  Want to add music from your personal library of cd's and mp3, you can do that too.  Want to listen to your tunes on your cell phone or desktop, you'll have access on those devices as well.4. Amazon has a wonderful App store where you can download a plethora of Android apps.  This is a reading/multimedia device.  If you wanted access to the Android Market, you should have spent the money on a full featured tablet.  Give Amazon some time; I'm sure they're adding new apps nearly every day.5. Text to Voice is gone.  Agreed.  It's a book reader.  If you want to have your books read to you, Audible dot com has a solution for you.  You can download audible books to the device, and store them for future listening in the Amazon cloud.6. The silk browser is there as a convenience.  If surfing the internet is your main reason for buying this device, and your disappointed, what do you expect for $199.00 and a 7\" screen?  Really people.7. You'll have to give Amazon your credit card information.  Once done, you'll never have to pull it out of your wallet or purse again.  How much more convenient can that be?  It's your reading device.  Amazon is trying to make it easy for you so you won't have to enter that data again.  And yes, you can password protect your purchases.8. I can't access my e-mail.  Really?  They included an app that will link to the most popular e-mail providers.  Enter you e-mail information and they're there.  Feel a need to post to facebook, there's an app for that too...  Yup, I want to read your post, \"I'm sitting down to read a book\".  Priceless.9. If you're expecting the AMAZON Fire (e-reader/multimedia device) to give you access to your office's network and all its resources, why?  It's a 7\" personal e-reader/multimedia device, not a replacement of your laptop or desktop.  The same complaints here are written in the reviews on the full featured tablets.10. If you feel a need to compare the Amazon Fire to an iPad, don't.  You're comparing an orange to a banana.  Reviews that say they're going to buy a Nook, you'll have the same whine and complaints there that you'll have here, plus some more.In general, read the description Amazon has regarding their device.  Nowhere does it say it's a replacement of a full featured tablet, laptop or desktop computer.  It's an e-reader/multimedia device linking directly to Amazon's content and then some.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "An observers review.", "unixReviewTime": 1321660800, "reviewTime": "11 19, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A27DU8WDV0PI42", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 18], "reviewText": "This is very important to know before you get this item. If you don't have an US billing address credit card, you'll not be able to download anything, not even free apps.This fact don't let me give out more than 2 stars. what is the point of having a a nice product that you cannot customize as any of the normal android tables...", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Watch out! No Apps available for no US users", "unixReviewTime": 1325289600, "reviewTime": "12 31, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A28QMIHZH5V66L", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Krys", "helpful": [17, 18], "reviewText": "When I received my Kindle I almost sent it back.  I realized after playing with it and downloading apps it had no password protection. I knew my five year old would be buying Smurf Berries if he got the chance.  I did some research and found a really great free password app (Smart App Protector). Now if I want to purchase an app or anything else I have to enter a password.  I have had the Kindle now since it came out and I can honestly say I love it.  I can surf the Internet, read books, play games and check my email.  It is lighting fast.  I also love the unlimited storage in the cloud.  Don't let that the Kindle doesn't have password protection right out of the box stop you from buying it.  It was super easy to fix!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Download a free password app", "unixReviewTime": 1323302400, "reviewTime": "12 8, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A28UYUNW27COR8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 18], "reviewText": "very slow..cannot modiy screen,,cannot modify bookmarks,,,,,low batery life  long time to recharge..SAVE YOUR MONEY AND BUY AN APPLE IPAD!!  hard to sync  bad battery..cannot recomend it", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "kindle is  a waste of money", "unixReviewTime": 1323820800, "reviewTime": "12 14, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2A73IL4E6B8M6", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 18], "reviewText": "Although the Kindle Fire may be just enough for some people, it isn't the Android powered device that I have come to love and expect.The screen looks great and the device seems to be quick when it responds. It is a bit on the heavy side for its size but it can be held by a single hand.The biggest issues I have with the device is the lack of functionality and applications to gain the functionality that I expect from a tablet. First off, Amazon really doesn't seem to understand how cloud storage should be used. The fact that my stuff exists in the cloud is great if I want the ability to synchronize my content between my devices but the fact that the Kindle Fire does not offer any significant offline storage means that I won't be able to use the Kindle Fire as my only device if I travel. Although I can pay a hefty fee to gain 15 minutes of internet usage while flying, I do not plan on having to do this just to gain access to my 10 GB of music that I own or the 100 GB of movies that I own. Additionally, WiFi just isn't available on all planes, trains, and in the car. Furthermore, I must purchase all my content from Amazon in order to take advantage of their unlimited \"cloud\" storage and then have to make certain I have internet available in order to gain access to the stuff I own. The 6 GB of built-in storage the Kindle Fire provides will allow me to plan ahead for my trip but in many cases, I don't want to have to do this. Each time I head out the door I will need to make certain that I have loaded my Kindle Fire with what I will need for that particular trip. This makes no sense seeing that my Android based HTC phone allows me to take it all with me via a couple of micro SD cards and a hefty amount of built-in storage.The next issue is the lack of any calendar/tasks/contact management. It appears that Amazon forgot about the fact that calendars, tasks, and contacts have been stored in the \"cloud\" for many years now. But it appears that because Amazon isn't in the business of contact and schedule management the users of it's Kindle Fire do not need such functionality. Seeing that the Kindle Fire uses Android, one would expect that it support synchronization with many of the most popular contact management providers such as Yahoo! and Google or even Facebook. But that is not the case. The best they could do is a simple contact management application which does not support synchronization, merging or any kind of duplicate resolution. So, because my contacts are very important to me and are managed on my \"phone\", desktop email client, and web, it simply means that they aren't available via my Kindle Fire. The end result meaning that email on the Kindle Fire is unusable because I am not about to revert to pencil and paper to keep track of people's email addresses, which essentially is what the Kindle Fire is resorting to.Do not get me wrong. You can go out and find an application which makes contact synchronization possible but it will not be a seamless experience with the applications which utilize it. Additionally, it appears that Amazon has gone out of their way to ensure that Google specific Android applications did not make it into the Amazon Appstore.The same issue applies to the Calendar. Well, actually that isn't true. The Kindle Fire, has no concept of a Calendar or scheduling application. No advanced clock, no alarm clock, no timers, and the list goes on. So if you were thinking that the Kindle Fire was going to be an extension to your cell phone, you would be wrong.Also, due to the stripping of Google applications those trusted and useful services that Google has been offering for years are not available on the Kindle Fire. For example, no Google Maps, Google Earth, Google Sky Map, Google Voice Search, Gmail, Google+, etc.Many users who have mentioned the fact that the Kindle Fire is missing many of these well respected and Android expected applications have been informed that they can just use the awesome web browser provided by the Kindle Fire. Well, perhaps my Kindle Fire is missing this amazing browser. The first issue I see with the browser is that there is no visual feedback when you click on a link. Meaning that you just have to hope that your press was registered and if it wasn't wait long enough to figure out that perhaps the press didn't take and press again. In some cases, three or four times at different angles. There is also no auto-reflow when zooming in. Instead, after zooming, you are expected to double tap the screen to force a reflow but if this is your second double tap (as in you already resized the screen once before and performed reflow) the second double tap returns the zoom level to page width. Meaning that you have to once again zoom back to where you were attempting to zoom in the first place.The device also is very unresponsive at times. Not sure if this is caused by a specific app or the Kindle Fire in general.The device also lacks an easy way to switch between applications. It would almost seem that multi-tasking is not a function of the Kindle Fire. Perhaps this is by appearance only though.Organization on the device is extremely poor. Well, extremely poor from an Android or Windows perspective. If you are an original iPhone person, then the lack of organization is on par. The Kindle Fire places all of your content into the home screen in something they call a carousel. You can remove items from the carousel or add them to your favorites. But the order is based on last use. So, if you only use the device for the couple of things that it can do out-of-the-box, then I suppose this isn't an issue. But, if you want to add bookmarks for websites (weather, Google+, Facebook, etc) then you get into a situation where you have to mix these items with your books, movies, and music collections.The user-interface also lacks the capability of using widgets as we have come to know them. So, you will no longer see the current temperature, headlines, stocks, etc at a glance on the home screen. Instead, you must open each individually. Which brings me back to the lack of the multi-tasking concept.Also the lack of Bluetooth and IR means the device isn't suited for media/entertainment. Although the device has a headphone jack, I only use a wired headphone when on a plane. Otherwise, I use wireless headphones or a wireless media receiver. So, in my opinion, the device isn't really suited for music or video due to these limitations.Overall, this device is simply an Amazon appliance that allows you to shop the Amazon.com website and access digital content that you have purchased from Amazon. Nothing wrong with that. As a matter of fact, I think the device does a great job of showing me the Amazon.com website. Of course, it does so it the same fashion that my desktop computer and my phone shows me the Amazon.com website so perhaps $200 is a bit too much for a new thin client that does only one of the many things my $100 phone does.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Its an Amazon Cloud Appliance/Amazon.com Web Client, not a Tablet", "unixReviewTime": 1324771200, "reviewTime": "12 25, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2EDA10V3L4UN1", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 18], "reviewText": "You make a 7\" ultra portable media device with little storage and no 3g connectivity, then don't support ad-hoc network connections ? I'd like to know who is making these decisions. Why would I need to watch movies/shows on a 7\" screen if I am sitting at home ? People on the road, in the middle of nowhere use their 3g/4g dongles, computers' ad-hoc connections or even tether their phones. But super \"portable\" tablet kindle fire can't connect those networks. All iOS devices can without a problem. And then they wonder why people buy iPads. Tell you why - because they WORK!If I need to sit home to use router/broadband connection then I am sorry but I don't need a portable 7\" - I have a big screen Tv for that purpose.I will though admit, it's my mistake because I didn't read the specs page carefully before buying this thing. In this time and age, I just didn't think these nonsense issues would still be a problem. But I guess I was wrong, that's what happens when you're spoiled with Apple products.I can't comment much about the other features on this thing, as I used it for about 15 minutes before I left the hotel. And no way of using it until our next stop. - Not that I care at this point, first thing tomorrow it's going back.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "NO ad-hoc ? Are you kidding me ?", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2H532HBU2CCTG", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 18], "reviewText": "This is a great device, except that it has way to many glitches. I first got mine after Christmas, I loved it. A few weeks later it was so glitchy that I had to exchange it for a new one. A month or so later my new kindle fire is so glitchy it is hardly useable. It would be nice if you could do a recall or something and further develop this device. At the moment do not buy this device. Maybe in a few years after they have taken out all the bugs you should get it.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Great Idea, Needs work.", "unixReviewTime": 1326499200, "reviewTime": "01 14, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A2HKEHEO3HDJPU", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 18], "reviewText": "Device doesn't work - won't connect to any secured networks!  Was told that there's a software update ALREADY and that the pre-ordered devices don't have that upgrade.  Here's the rub, without internet access, which this device has none, can't get the update.SHOULD HAVE BOUGHT THE iPAD!!!!!!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Should have bought the iPad", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2HOORGUK22M6G", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 18], "reviewText": "I have a lot of blogs I subscribe to on my old Kindle but you can't load them to the Fire.  A VERY big disappointment.  Amazon says well you can just load then from the web.  Well many are not visible to the search engines and only available on Kindle.  Those that are available, are harder to read than the old Kindle format.  I've noticed many of the blog providers have color content for the Fire but Amazon Fooled Us All - no color blogs can be subscribed for Kindle Fire viewing.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "I am beginning to find More and More Material I can't load", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2K2PMAZYF2ATN", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Alex Ancheta", "helpful": [18, 18], "reviewText": "Bought two Kindle Fires for two of my kids (4 and 7).  They love it!  And so do I...Pros:1) It's a simple device that does what it's supposed to do...ENTERTAIN.2) We have Amazon Prime so my kids are able to watch the FREE instant movies on their Fires.3) Both Fires are registered on my Amazon account so all our content (Kindle books, apps, music) are synchronized.  We are all able to share the content we buy.4) Size is just right especially for my kids.  Very portable.5) The screen is clear and crisp.6) The processor is fast.  Believe me, my kids would be the first to complain if it was slow.5) Came in pre-registered.  Turned it on.  It updated.  We easily setup wifi.  We buy lots of FREE apps...and a few paid ones...and all the entertaining began.Cons:1) It doesn't have bells and whistles like our iPad2 but then we didn't expect it to have it.  The Fire is $200 and not $500 like an iPad.  And for $200 it's a bargain.  Plus, Android apps are much cheaper than iOs apps.  So the savings keep adding.2) We saw the 1-Click purchase as a potential problem with my kids making accidental purchases.  Called Amazon support and there's no remedy right now.  However, since the devices are on my account, I get automatic emails for all purchases.  Therefore, I can catch and report the accidental purchases if they happen.  We also talked to our kids about asking us permission before making any purchases and so far (3 days as of this writing) no accidental purchases.  Ironically, the issue has become an opportunity to teach my kids responsibility.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "My Kids Just Love It!!!  Best Value!!!", "unixReviewTime": 1321747200, "reviewTime": "11 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2KYH1OGBFBHHI", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 18], "reviewText": "I was so happy to receive my new Kindle Fire. Received with no packing slip in box with Kindle Fire on outside of box. Glad it made it to me without being stolen, as I have read has happened to some. Plugged up and powered up. Connected to my WiFi and said needed update. After waiting forever gave me the option to update later. Everytime I tried to download anything would tell me no connection or no network, but was showing connected to wifi. I have never had trouble with my wifi and it is very fast using my computer. Every once in a while something would actually load after taking forever. Tried to download my books, some would download and some would just show qued, but would never downlaod. Wasted day and night working on this. Tried to update like instructions on Amazon said to do and never did get it to update. Could never open the instructions on the kindle. VERY disappointed and decided to return it after one day. All of these things should have been tested and corrected before releasing it. From other reviews I see I am not the only one having these problems.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "DON'T BUY until they have WiFi problems worked out!", "unixReviewTime": 1321660800, "reviewTime": "11 19, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2L2YKKGJNA0UT", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 18], "reviewText": "I was so excited to finally get my new Kindle Fire yesterday.  After charging the battery, I began the process of regestering it with Amazon.  To my surprise, within seconds of booting up, it rebooted.  All it does is reboot itself over and over and over and that's if you can get the power to turn on at all.  I contacted Amazon customer service, was transfered to a \"specialist\" and was told they had no clue and to just return it.  I paid how much for this piece of crap?  What a joke!  Thanks for nothing Amazon.  Hello Nook.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire a Flop", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2LJ74NAFVA2UQ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 18], "reviewText": "I did not like the Kindle Fire.  After waiting excitedly for it, when it got here it would not play movies without buffering repeatedly. I will buy another tablet.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Did not like", "unixReviewTime": 1323388800, "reviewTime": "12 9, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2R7EN1XCXJMZA", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "L. Cole", "helpful": [16, 18], "reviewText": "I am a big Amazon fan--- I have had several regular Kindles which I absolutely adore, and use the Amazon store constantly to buy books and watch video. I've been a Prime member for years.I also own an iPad, which I think it too heavy to carry around all the time so I was very much looking forward to the Fire. Therefore, I'm disappointed to report that while I've only had the Fire a few days, virtually nothing that I tried with the device has worked without problems. Some of these issues will improve (I hope) as the App Store improves, but others are just inherent in the device.I'm comparing a lot of these issues to my iPad experience. I know that it is not supposed to be an iPad, nor do I expect it to be for $199, but I would suggest that users put the $199 toward buying an iPad instead. $199 is too much to pay for a device that doesn't work well.Plus:- Minimal set-up required since it was already linked to my Amazon account.- Amazon Video looks phenomenal.- Facebook app works fine.Minus:- Can't zoom to change text size (as far as I can tell) and text can be quite small. Not a big issue if you are 20 or 30, but I'm in my 40s and at the reading glasses stage of life, and I know a lot of Kindle users are older than I am. My husband can pinch and zoom on his Android phone so not sure why it doesn't work here.- HORRIBLE App experience to date. Hopefully this will improve, but none of these are issues with an iPad:- Can't link to most of my print subscriptions- I've tried New York Times, Wall Street Journal, and the Economist and all expect me to subscribe a second time. Apple fixed this months ago, and I can read print subscriptions on my iPad with no extra charge.- Could link to Vanity Fair but only have one old issue is available, not the most recent one in the app. Why??- USA Today has a phenomenally good app for free on the iPad, but Amazon App Store expects you to pay $11.99/month for a subscription. Why??- I've searched for most my favorite apps and virtually none have been available (or at least I couldn't find them): No Google Maps or Yahoo Maps, No Twitter, No Yelp, No HBO Go, No Slingbox app, No Super Why (4 year old nephew's favorite app), No Toy Story 3 (another kids favorite) or any other Disney app. I'm running out of apps to look for.- Netflix video was choppy and fuzzy.- Yes, Angry Birds is there, but what AB fan wants to start over again at Level 1?- I started to read a book on my Fire, turned off the device, and went upstairs to my regular Kindle, expecting it to sync to the furthest page read---- but it didn't!- Other \"Web Pages\" are the mobile versions, so just a list of headlines like you would see on a Smartphone. With an iPad you can see the web page. This makes the iPad an immensely better experience if you are looking at newspaper sites. While I have not been able to view many newspapers that I read(since I'm not paying twice for something I already subscribe to), I suspect that given the small screen size that if I were to get a NYT or WSJ app they might also be headlines, not the newspaper-like versions I see on my iPadSo as much as I would like to recommend the Fire as a low cost alternative to an iPad, I just can't. Save up and buy an iPad instead. And if you read books, buy a regular Kindle not the Fire. I'm giving it 3 stars instead of 2 since I expect the apps to appear sometime in the future, and because iPads are quite pricey so can't really suggest that everyone buys one. This is definitely \"a poor man's iPad\".", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Huge Kindle/Amazon fan says \"Buy an iPad instead\"", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2RH37U7XJ7THI", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 18], "reviewText": "The kindle Fire  is not as smooth as an ipad or iphone, if you are used to dealing with one of these, you will not be interested in using the Kindle Fire. It just doesn't work that great. Also the main goal seems to be to get you to buy more stuff from amazon. Thus the low price, since they are gambling you will join amazon prime and buy all the other stuff they are pushing. Basically only good as an e-reader (although kind of heavy for that). I would rather web surf on my iphone despite the size.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Not that great", "unixReviewTime": 1322092800, "reviewTime": "11 24, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2RZL5E890PPUN", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 18], "reviewText": "I was very happy to see this table when first announced and the price, combined with the Amazon backing had me pre-ording.  I have an iPad at home along with two PCs and 2 sony eReaders.  I have 2 android phones and 1 iphone 4s.  I also have 3 ipod touches (between my wife and 3 kids we're pretty digital).  I have excellent wifi in my house and connectivity is not a problem with ANY of these devices.  I actually worked from home the day this arrived..... and I'm probably going to return it this weekend I'm so disappointed.  Here are my key issues with this device:1 - a bit on the heavy side, not easy to hold with one hand in bed when reading2 - power button on the bottom - easy to hit and shut off when reading (who doesnt lean a book on their chest when reading in bed????)3 - wifi connection takes time to get established every time I turn this on.  Compared to all my other devices, this is frustrating.4 - being an android user with my phones, I have some very important apps that i really need to use and was looking forward to the bigger screen real estate.  Well I can only access the amazon market!!  Problem examples - can't get NYTimes app - but I can PAY for an amazon NYT subscription (despite the fact that I already pay NYTs for their weekend physical delivery which gives me free virtual access on all my devices...except this one).  No USA Today app (unless I pay a subscription), no SONOS music controller and the list goes on.5 - no volume control on the outside?  Even my Netflix streaming - I can't adjust the volume during the movie play without going into the unit menu to turn it up!??!Sorry to write this review since I love Kindle (use it on my android phones, iphone and PCs) - but what the heck?!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "so much expectation...so disappointed", "unixReviewTime": 1321660800, "reviewTime": "11 19, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2SF8Q2XVYVD9X", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 18], "reviewText": "I have the iPad 2, HP Touchpad, iPhone 4S, Android phone, and had the Kindle Fire until I returned it.My issues with the Kindle Fire that it is too small for reading books, browsing the web, and watching videos.The form factor may work better for some games but that's about it.I would say you are better off putting the $199 dollars towards an iPad1 if not the iPad2, which can sometimes be purchased for $349. You'll get a bigger screen and more access to apps.The interface is also confusing that it does not have a physical home button. You have to swipe near the bottom of the screen to see it.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "If you don't have an iPad, you don't have an iPad.", "unixReviewTime": 1321920000, "reviewTime": "11 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2SKV1SVURKAXQ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 18], "reviewText": "I received this item for Christmas and was very excited about it. I thought wow what a cool way to view videos, read books, and listen to my mp3 collection while traveling away from my home office. Now I understand the limitations and that it is not an \"Ipad\" or a true tablet PC, and that it has limited non upgradeable storage, but with the advertising pitch about the \"Amazon Cloud\", I thought how cool. I can access content via Amazon and also upload videos, music and photos from my own collection to the cloud and view them while away from my home office.I also liked the fact it was Android based, as is my smartphone which functions pretty flawlessly. All in all a compelling case to ask for one from my bride for Christmas, or so I thought.I opened the box and plugged it in. So far so good.. Let it charge for two hours and then decided to give it a try,  slid the arrow after powering on and it just froze.. The arrow halfway across the screen.. Nothing happened.. waited a full two minutes before trying to move it further.. Nothing...Locked up.So I went online and looked up how to do a reboot of the KF.. That finally accomplished, I was able to fully boot it up.. Went into the amazon store to download a book.. Locked up again while downloading.. Hard reset again, went in to try to check out the book.. Frozen lock up again.. Hard reset... Finally frustrated went hunting on the web for other users experiencing this. Lo and behold tons of posts about this.. Discovered a new upgrade to the system.. Downloaded that to my PC, copied it to my KF (as you can't download the system upgrade directly to the device (Weak ehh?). and upgrade the system software figuring at last I might actually be able to enjoy the KF.. To my chagrin, no dice. Still locking up about every four minutes, in just about all applications.. Especially after it enters sleep mode. It will not wake without locking up and requiring a hard reset. I also while researching this decided to go ahead and obtain 50gb of cloud space to upload my music, some of my own videos and photo's.. To upload about 250 songs most of which originally purchased on Amazon took forever. 6 hours for that and I am on broadband.. Also I uploaded a video in an approved format to the cloud along with some of my photos so I could view them later on the road.. Uploading while painfully slow worked and I thought well cool, if I can get the system issues resolved, this might be a useful thing to take with me. Then I discovered that you can't access your photos or videos from the cloud unless they were purchased from Amazon.. This is totally not what the hype said.. I mean come on, I'm paying for cloud space, I should be able to access my files from the KF..From here I spoke with Amazon Technical Support.. Useless.. Can not explain the issues.. No knowledge or understanding of their own Cloud product..My opinion after three days with this piece of useless technology.. Great idea, poorly executed.. Save your money until a second generation product comes out, or buy a refurbed Ipad for a couple hundred more..And before everybody jumps on me, I understand and was really excited about this device and the cloud concept. I understand it's not an Ipad, at $200 bucks but come on, it is a way overpriced buggy device if you can't use it..", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Overhyped and pretty much useless", "unixReviewTime": 1324944000, "reviewTime": "12 27, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2TV0F8CPXB5LP", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 18], "reviewText": "I was waiting anxiously for the Kindle Fire to come out, I thought that Amazon would know better than to launch another middle of the road device. What a disappointment, if you want to compromise on quality for the price look elsewhere, if you can spend a little more buy the iPad. The device is sluggish, unresponsive and frustrating - PASS.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Disappointment", "unixReviewTime": 1322524800, "reviewTime": "11 29, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2VGXVW5FVH5W8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "James R. Brown", "helpful": [12, 18], "reviewText": "I keep seeing reviews comparing the iPad and the Kindle Fire, I personally believe they are hard to compare against each other, however obviously everyone is interested in such a comparison none the less, and sense I have direct experience with both, I am going to broach the subject.When we discuss the iPad vs Kindle Fire (KF), there are really three different subjects:1) iPad vs KF2) iOS vs Android3) iOS apps vs Android appsSo first iPad vs KF:iPad Positive:* Bigger screen.* Better battery life.* Physical home button.* Off center head phone jack (easier to hold in landscape).* Solid feel.* FAST!iPad negative:* Heavier (not good when you have to hold it for a while)* Size makes it awkward to hold.* Tapered edge applies a \"cutting\" pressure to your hand, and is uncomfortable.* Aluminum is a conductor and serves to draw heat out of your hand, a pretty bid negative in the winter when you want to \"curl up with a good book\" and not much of a positive in the summer.* Mono sound, though it is louder than the KF.KF Positive:* The screen looks better than the iPad's, both in terms of color and resolution.  The KF has the majority of the iPad's resolution while being in a smaller form factor, which results more pixels per inch and is easier on the eyes when reading.* The aspect ratio of the screen is better suited to wide screen content than the iPads, as it gets closer to the 16:9 number, but still provide a very attractive portrait reading experience.  (Though it's not as well suited for standard sized PDF content.)* The KF also has a very solid feel, even for being in a plastic case.* The back of the KF is rubberized which makes it easier to hold, and helps protect the back from scratches.* The plastic case is a good insulator and it comfortable to hold, even in a cool room, as it isn't pulling heat out of your hands.* The ergonomics are very nice; as you can easily hold it both in one hand or two handed, in either portrait or landscape.* The KF feel quite a bit lighter than an iPad.* The edges are nice and round and make it easy on the hands when holding.  In fact you find yourself just enjoying having it in your hands.KF negative:* No home button. I find having to waste the screen space, and try to use the screen home to be a much less optimal experience.* It is still heavy when compared to eInk readers.  (There may be just no getting around this.)* It is nowhere near as fast as the first iPad, let alone the iPad 2.  This does of course have as much to do with Android vs iOS as it does the hardware, but still.* I find while navigating the system that the KF will frequently not register touches, or will miss register touches, resulting in either not activating the function I wanted, or jumping past my intended destination.  I can't express how irritating this is.  Though again, this is probably related to both the KF's hardware, as well as Android.* The speakers are on one side of the unit instead of being on far sides, which results in a mono sound experience.* The speakers aren't very loud.* Head phone jack is in middle of the bottom of the KF, right where you'd want to place your hand when holding in land scape.iOS vs Android:I have been a long time iOS user, and though the KF is my first exposure to Android, I am not your typical user, being a CS major with 15 years of computer industry experience.  So with that said, my feelings are that iOS is overly simple, and Android is overly complex and lacks fit and finish.  In my first day of experience with Android I was able to easily get several alternative readers on to my KF, and a file system viewer, though that will not be as easy for the non-techies out there.  I very much like the control Android affords you, but it seems too much like a jumble of tools and not enough like a single unified OS.  Also, it seems very buggy.  I had browsers crash while browsing simple HTML5 pages (didn't even test flash), and even though the KF is sporting a dual core CPU it seemed like Android wanted more in order to run smoothly, especially the applications.  iOS on the other hand is very fast and stable, and much more intuitive to navigate.  Granted I have been using iOS for a while, but I had it mastered after the first hour, and Android after 8 hours still seems to be a pain.  Though there are somethings I do like, such as being able to disable the wireless from the menu bar at the top of the screen.iOS apps vs Android apps:This was really the anvil that broke the camel's back.  I like the KF's hardware, Android is a dirty mess (but it does have its redeeming attributes, like being in direct control of the device), but the big problem was the lack of quality software, especially in the specific area for which I wanted the device, namely to read books.  (It is a kindle after all.)  On the iPad you have iBooks, which is the best ebook reader I have ever seen on a mobile device hands down.  Why?  I can tell you there is room for improvement, such as adjustable margins, and themes would be nice, but the way it presents its content, the speed at which it turns it pages, the off line oxford dictionary integration, back up wiki and google search, highlighting, and on and on...  I tried some different apps, but they were all seriously feature incomplete.  The two best I found were Aldiko and Nook.  The problem with Aldiko, though it did have built in dictionary, was that the dictionary only worked with you are online, which means you have to drain battery by having wifi on when available or simply not have dictionary support if wifi is not available, more over the dictionary isn't as good as iBooks even when it is available.  Also Aldiko does not show you little things while you are reading, like the time, page number and total number of pages, how many pages are left in the chapter.  These may not seems like a lot, but knowing the time, because you need to get off your break, without having to waste time looking around, or knowing if you have the time to start another chapter because you know how much farther it is, are really nice features.  I preferred the Nook reader, but it lacked a dictionary altogether, still didn't show pages left in a chapter, and turned pages very slowly when you simply tap the side.Conclusion:Over all the KF is a physically more comfortable tablet to handle than the iPad, and I hope Apple changes their stance on both Aluminum and not making smaller form factor tablets.  However, the iPad as a whole has a better user experience.  The tight intuitive integration of technology, and the availability of high quality apps, really tilts the scale in terms to day-to-day use.  The KF is nicer to hold, which is good, because it can be very frustrating after you pressed the home button five times and you are still in the same place; you might otherwise be tempted to throw it.While reading, the iPad offers an experience that is hard to beat.  You can read epub content right from the very wonderful iBooks interface, if you don't know a word you can see the definition instantly without leaving the book, if you want more info, you can copy, double click the home button, pull American Heritage Dictionary up from your open apps, and plug it in (it'll even read the word in a human voice).  If PDFs are your thing then iPad's iAnnotate PDF app is hard to beat.If you are coming from an eInk background, or you have never had a tablet before, then the KF may serve you well, as you don't have any existing expectations.  However, if you are an existing iPad owner, or you have experience with other iOS devices, I'm afraid you are going to be disappointed with the over all user experience. But it is a matter of taste, if you just read books and don't look up words you don't know, and you watch a few films, and you don't mind bugs, then you may be very happy.  I would rate the two devices as follows:Hardware:KF - Four starsiPad - Three starsOS:Android - Three starsiOS - Three starsApps:Android/KF - One StariPad/iOS - Three Stars", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "iPad vs Kindle Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2VQHE27A0AHKT", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 18], "reviewText": "I was setting my fire on the table last night, I had one side of it on the table and it slipped and landed screen down.  I picked it up and the glass had shattered.  There were little shards of glass everywhere.  I am so glad my 7 year old didn't have it.  I have a piece of glass stuck in my finger and it's so small I can't get it out.  THIS IS A WARNING!!!!!  It didn't really fall, I had one side of it on the kitchen table.  I called customer service and they treated me horrible.  Acting like I just wanted a freebee....  I don't even want this thing in my house with my daughter if it can break this easily.  Customer service also said you can't get replacement glass for it, even though in ebay replacement glass for the fire is everywhere and they sell... which obviously means I'm not the only one with this problem.  Amazon will figure it out and all of us who have the old one will get screwed.  Lost all respect for Amazon.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "CAUTION!!!  Kindle Fire Glass Shatters!!!!", "unixReviewTime": 1330387200, "reviewTime": "02 28, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A2W0GY64CJSV5D", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "FreeSpirit", "helpful": [15, 18], "reviewText": "There are plenty of reviews about the device, its features, and shortfalls, so I'll leave those out. The thing that has impressed me MOST about this device is the browsing speed. The Silk browser is unbelievably fast, I have not seen pages load so fast on my laptop, iPad, or any other device I have used. My impression was that the cache stored in the cloud would only be for Amazon or static web pages that don't change often. So I tried browsing through Yahoo news (which is updated probably every few minutes or hourly), and this baby FLIES!! Pages load in less than a second, unbelievable and completely awesome!! If the screen were slightly bigger, this would have been the only device I would have every browsed on. Shopping on Amazon is WAY faster on the Fire. Sorry if I'm going on and on about this, but I am truly blown away by the browser, that's the highlight of this device for me so far.Other than that, the device feels and holds great. The screen is not as smooth as the iPad or the Xoom, the finger slides a little slower on this glass compared to those devices. Ended up playing Fruit Ninja and the screen and several swipes didn't register. It's possible it'll just take getting used to.I'm hoping they will introduce a few additional features in the next refresh of this device - camera, bluetooth, a way to stream video from the device directly on the TV (HDMI port?), color e-ink screen? Not even sure if the last one is possible but it would be great!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "KUDOS TO THE SILK TEAM!! You won't want to browse anywhere else", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2WM8F6OV8IAKO", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 18], "reviewText": "Generous and well meaning friends sent me a Kindle Fire as a Christmas present -- little realising it would be one of the worst presents I have ever received (and one year I had Rubella for Christmas).  It only works with WiFi, one cannot connect it to a network or PC or laptop; the menus are crap, unless you already know what you want and what you want to do, and even then they may not navigate you to where you want to go and what you want to do; the touch-screen varies wildly from hyper-sensitive-breath-hard-and-you've-bought-it to hit-it-with-a-hammer-and-you-cannot-get-a-response.  I cannot change any of the settings, font sizes, it is hard to read, I tried to read a Jane Austen novel and instead I got a google search for English abbeys dissolved by Henry VIII -- it is terrible, it is miserable, I am tempted to add it to a bonfire.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Worst Present Ever", "unixReviewTime": 1325462400, "reviewTime": "01 2, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A2YJ3HTLNQ2PN4", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 18], "reviewText": "I just received this to give as a Christmas gift. I haven't charged it yet, but I DO want to say, if you're getting this as a gift, make sure the gift recipient isn't in the same house. Luckily I got to the mail first, but this was the first amazon product I purchased that had what was inside written on the outside of the box. All over it, it said...Kindle Fire...Kindle Fire.. Kindle Fire... Not only are they letting a possible recipient in on what's inside, but the mail carrier and whoever else handles it, knows what it is, and that there is an expensive gift inside.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Packaging", "unixReviewTime": 1322179200, "reviewTime": "11 25, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A31AH7RPW17NI5", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [9, 18], "reviewText": "I've resisted the tablet fad through two iterations of the iPad and countless flops on the Android and Windows platforms, but the Kindle Fire intrigued me enough to get me to try it out.  Within 5 minutes of opening the very elegant packaging, I started to become more and more disappointed by the finished product.  Little quirks started to get annoying very quickly, and serious flaws popped up in the first day of use.I ended up returning my Kindle Fire and getting a Kindle Touch instead, which (so far) has been a much better fit for what I wanted.PROS- Very solid feel- Simple and intuitive interface (read below for the drawbacks)- Digital content streaming worked very well - as advertised- Lack of 3G and local storage never became an issueCONS- Dozens of minor annoyances, e.g. the flipbook navigation was horrible, OS would freeze and require a reboot, poor power button placement on the bottom of the device, weak speakers, limited selection of apps, no Google Apps support.- Disappointing battery life- Very heavy - too heavy to hold comfortably for too longBOTTOMLINE- I would wait for version 2 to come out before purchasing", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Nice try, but returned within 7 days", "unixReviewTime": 1322611200, "reviewTime": "11 30, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A31SCJT83U39HT", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 18], "reviewText": "kindle fire = turnkey fail, bought one for the gf's christmas present, having trouble finding anything in the kindle library that works on it.  I can't believe it's getting any 5 star reviews.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "turnkey fail", "unixReviewTime": 1324944000, "reviewTime": "12 27, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A32XOFU5BQ3BGN", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Robert Lake \"CRYTRON\"", "helpful": [14, 18], "reviewText": "Pros-Amazon did a good job with the general design and layout of the screens and on the surface the tablet is well made for a $199 tablet.Cons-After using the Kindle Fire for about a month I decided to return the tablet. The touch screen does not always respond and freezing up is very common. Using Google to search for anything is impossible since once the subject is located and you touch the screen to go the the site, nothing happens.We have several internet wireless devices and none have issues connecting to the internet except the Kindle Fire. Also the devices is very heavy for its size which may be due to the weight of the battery or just the design of the tablet. It weighs as much as an Ipad2 that has a much larger screen so if you buy this tablet be prepared.  There are always bugs in any new tablet and the bottom line here is you get what you pay for at $199, a stripped down tablet device that lacks the zip and enjoyment that has made Apple the leader in the tablet world.  I hope Amazon figures out what to do with the device and makes the improvements necessary to get this tablet to connect and browse the internet. Will continue to use my other Kindle for reading which is really where Amazon has been successful in the past.  Bottom line here is wait for the next generation of Amazon tablets and don't be the first on your street to buy one of these devices. Also I originally bought this tablet for my wife to use and once it arrived, she refused to even try it.  She is holding out for the Ipad3 and for once I have to agree with her. Amazon you have the right idea when it comes to getting consumers to buy based on price, now you have to get out the bugs before the truth destroys any chance you have of any achieving market share.  Many companies have tried and failed to create an Ipad and Amazon may still one day have a product to compete, but as for this consumer the Kindle Fire is Fired!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "What's not to like about the Kindle Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1323648000, "reviewTime": "12 12, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A37K0GM9ES2XNL", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 18], "reviewText": "I really would like to love this kindle and not just like it.  If you don't have wifi in your home then all you can do is read.  I really expected this to be an amazing kindle, but when you think of the price what else can you expect.  If you do hook on to wifi you keep getting interupted and if you stay off too long you have to log on again. I am unable to download any games or movies.I am not impressed!", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1323129600, "reviewTime": "12 6, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A37KP0U67HN8UV", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 18], "reviewText": "I have a Kindle 2nd Generation with wifi, and 3g on it...I love it, but when I saw the Kindle Fire I was like OH WOW!!! Gotta have it!! Did some research, CALLED Amazon rep for the Kindle Fire, asked a lot of questions, all before making the decision to purchase The Fire (actually my boyfriend bought it for me for Christmas) I have to say...what a HUGE disappoint this was. 1) asked about the wi-fi, and hooking up to a mobile hotspot, like my phone. The person I spoke to wasn't altogether sure, but thought you probably could. After more research etc...(I'm very \"tech stupid\" )...I found ,yes you could...THEN I found out gonna cost me extra on my phone bill, have to have a whole new data pkg,just to use the \"hot spot\".Not thrilled about that.I live in the boonies, and not a whole lotta \"wifi\" spots around, and firewalls at my job...forget using any wifi there, which is where I use my kindle the most for reading.And how do you find out a book description, if ya cant get on the net....you can't. Bit of a drawback there ,but,couldve lived with that.2) There is to way to tell how many books you have on your device(the Fire) my Kindle tells me how many pages of books, and the number of booksI have. 3)No way to group your books into collections by genre,or favorite author,or a series...not on the Fire. Way disappointing when ya have over 400 books on your device and many by the same author, or a long running series like The Anita Blake series...can't put'um all together. And the biggest Disappointing thing, and was the deciding point in my returning the Kindle Fire was ... NO TEXT TO SPEECH!!!!! It was one of the questions I actually asked the person I spoke to at Amazon due to the conflicting info I kept getting in reviews and blogs and different sources I looked thru, figured best way to get the CORRECT answer...call Amazon and ask. Yea,well that was a joke!! My answer was..\" oh ,yes maam, the Fire has text to speech\" It was a big thing, I have to have this...cant read and drive and I do alot of driving, so it was a biggy. There IS NO TEXT TO SPEECH!!!!!If ya want the Kindle Fire for gd reading, and ya live in an area where WiFi is limited, you will be disappointed, unless ya wanna pay for that mobile hotspot. The Kindle Fire itself is beautiful.I played a couple games on it...very nice...played some music on it...was ok. Tried the Kindle email, but again..I'm tech stupid, didnt get far with that...the other emails...G-Mail,yahoo...great...provided you are near wifi spots. Looked at a couple magazines...nice, if you're a magazine kinda person. Entertainment wise...great, provided you are always near a spot with WiFi. For Reading...well...I think I will stick with my Kindle that I purchased back in 2009. It's NEVER been a disappointment.Maybe oneday when the Kindle Fire can come out with 3G, it will have more to offer...atleast for folks who live in rural areas.So...the Kindle Fire went back. So, so disappointed! Bought diamond jewelry instead! :)", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Disappointing :(  so,so disappointing!!!!", "unixReviewTime": 1325203200, "reviewTime": "12 30, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A385UPN6TMFEJ3", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 18], "reviewText": "I got the kindle for my 11 years son and loved it instantly. he was very very excited by the device and was instantly downloading books and apps. I also thought it was great untill I found that ANYONE can order any book or app without my password. This is absolutely nonsense and Amazon has damaged its image in the eyes of the customers. Once I realized that it is a problem I unregistered it and then re-registered it on my sons name. Guess what happens, all the previously downloaded apps/books are gone and he can not download even the free apps. The stupid thing still wants a credit card number from the 11 year old and once it has a credit card info anyone who is holding it can screw your credit card.Now my son is totally upset with me that I have messed up his device !I don't know what to do and if Amazon is taking any step ?  Any solutions ?", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Love It and Hate IT !!!", "unixReviewTime": 1322265600, "reviewTime": "11 26, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A38MLLWYZGMQ04", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 18], "reviewText": "Well, I was wrong and I am happy to be wrong with my initial review rating Tech Support for this product as sub-par. True, my initial experience was disappointing, but the Fire product team really turned it around for me. A rep telephoned me, worked with my unit over the telephone, determined the unit I received (which worked fine the first day and a half before dying in the vine)should be replaced, and sent me a replacement as well as a mailing lable to use for returning the original unit.  I really like Amazon as a company with which to do business, and they are retaining their high standards in their eyes.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Tech Support Came Through", "unixReviewTime": 1321920000, "reviewTime": "11 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3APPVDM4P3L8A", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 18], "reviewText": "I was so excited to get my Kindle fire yesterday - beautiful display, and looked like it would meet all my needs. But then I kept getting errors...first pages would not load in the web browser. Then the AMAZON APP wouldn't work right...kept taking me back to my log in page, then to my cart then to my log in page, in a never ending loop. I had to exit the app to break the cycle, and after that, it never worked correctly. Finally, after owning it for just over 24 hours, and using it maybe for 6 hours, it just turned off and won't power back up. The battery wasn't even low. And it's been plugged in for 2 hours now and nothing. I am SO disappointed....shame on Amazon for shipping something so faulty. I think they've lost me on this one...as much as I love Amazon and wanted to love the Fire, it's a bust.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "It's going back - defective", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3BBGQF3LT7QDY", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 18], "reviewText": "I was very excited to get this for myself.  I thought I would finally have my own tablet.  I have Amazon Prime and Netflix so I thought I would have access to all the videos, movies, and book I want.  Plus I like to use a lot of apps and always take my wives iPad 2.  She always gets mad so I thought my own table would be great.  Imagine my disappointment when I took this out of the box and look at the screen.  The screen is absolutely terrible.  My old iPhone 3G looks better.  Icons are blurry, the interface is terrible to use.  I naturally wanted to load another loader onto this thing, but there is no Android Marketplace.  So it took me 3 hours to figure out how to get another launcher on it.  Finally did it.  Now imagine my greater surprise when any app I wanted, out of 46 I normally use, none of them were in the Amazon apps store.  Not a single one. And Amazon will not let you download anything from the Android Marketplace.  I am returning it and will never buy another Amazon tablet again.Cons:1. Bad screen resolutions.  Not good for anything.2. Unresponsive screen.  Have to touch a few times to get it to know you are touching it.3. WiFi problems.  Keeps disconnecting4. Can't install Marketplace apps5. Amazon Apps store doesn't have the apps you really want6. Slow browserPros:Good size and feels good in had.My advice, get something else.  Anything else, but not this.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Junk - Stay Away - Should get Negative Stars", "unixReviewTime": 1324425600, "reviewTime": "12 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3BLHWLZ3C3W0T", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [0, 18], "reviewText": "I purchased this product for my wife as a birthday gift. I am yet to use it but the packaging for the product is extremely poor. I payed 4.99$ extra for it to be gift wrapped. The gift wrapping is shockingly poor. They have used crumbled paper and the edges are all showing. I would not even pay 99cents for such packaging. I have had to redo it myself. This leaves me pretty worried about the product even before it has been opened.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Really Poor", "unixReviewTime": 1341100800, "reviewTime": "07 1, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A3C08PSLFHZ5PQ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 18], "reviewText": "Early reviews of this mentioned it had 3G so I bought it.  NO 3G--only WIFI. for those of us w/out WiFi at home major issue.  Had to go out and find hotspots to even register.  Only able to d-load 20/100+ books so far. no apps.would not buy again,even tho it's beautiful and price is good.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "New Kindle and WIFI", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3ETWLFBYSLKEG", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Amazon Customer", "helpful": [17, 18], "reviewText": "I've used the Fire extensively for a few weeks, and I'm happy with my purchase, but I'd highly suggest waiting for the next version. The Fire right now is a neat device at a cheap price, but it's not ready for prime time.The good: it's a low-price tablet with access to lots of apps and Amazon content. Reading books and documents or watching TV or movies normally just works. I wish they'd put a little more RAM in so that streaming was less choppy, but if you have a good internet connection you'll rarely have a problem.The bad: The excellent hardware is let down by the obvious Apple Inferiority Complex in the Amazon Interface Design Department. Put simply, the desire to do \"world winning\" design has led to a lot of annoying interface decisions, such as:1) The Carousel.  Whose idea was it to create an interface that takes up over half of your home screen, cannot be easily customized, cannot be removed and actively makes it harder to start programs? The Carousel has a very hard time differentiating between the a swipe and a tap, so actually launching an application may take a few attempts while you wrestle with your chosen icon. You can't turn the Carousel off, and you can't remove any book that you've purchased from Amazon. In other words, your entire reading history is visible at the swipe of a finger. The Carousel violates so many rules of good interface design that I can't imagine how it got green-lighted.2) No folders. iOS has had folders for a few generations now. Other Kindles allow you to put content into folders. Android allows folders. The Fire? It gives you absolutely no way to separate light reading from serious fare, business documents from leisure content. This makes it particularly less useful as a tool if you have a lot of content.3) Crazy keyboards. Each program appears to be able to choose from a variety of keyboards. Unfortunately, some of the keyboards lack important keys, such as the not-so-commonly-used \"enter\" key. Wunderlist seems to have pulled its app from the Amazon store because users weren't able to add tasks without the carriage return. And it's not the only app that I haven't been able to use because the keyboard lacks a key or two.4) No Google Apps. This one is really inexplicable, like leaving iTunes off of an iPod. The built-in email application reminds me of Eudora circa 1998, and I wish Amazon had spent half as much money on it as they did on the Carousel. If you use Google applications to organize your mail, calendar and contacts, and had the expectation that an Android tablet would synchronize with your life, prepare for absolutely avoidable disappointment.Many of the design decisions appear motivated by the desire to sell content, and Amazon does make it very easy to buy new movies, books and apps. But Amazon has crippled what could be a great multi-purpose tablet. Using the Fire to do anything other than purchase content can often feel like work.My guess is that the next version will address the issues above, allowing users to limit (if not remove) the Carousel, put books into folders, etc. But until these problems are addressed, I'd stay away, because there's no way of knowing if any potential Amazon fix will come in the form of an OS upgrade for the current generation, or the release of a different tablet.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Wait for the next version", "unixReviewTime": 1322870400, "reviewTime": "12 3, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3I41N8LAPDRZC", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 18], "reviewText": "I BOUGHT THIS PRIMARILY BECAUSE I WANTED A EREADER AND THOUGHT THIS ONE WOULD DO TEXT TO SPEECH LIKE THE OLDER MODLES BUT NO. VERY DISAPPOINTED ABOUT THAT. I THOUGHT WOULD DO A BETTER JOB ON SURFING THE WEB THAN OLDER KINDLES BUT NO. NOT SURE HOW WELL OLDER KINDLES SURF THE WEB BUT THIS ONE IS NOT DOING A GOOD JOB AT ALL. MOST WEB SITES EITHER DON'T LOAD OR STOP WORKING, WHILE IF I WENT ON MY PC THE SITES WORK FINE. THERE IS ALOT OF GLARE ON THE SCREEN WHEN READING. WATCHING VIDEOS THE PICTURE IS CRYSTAL CLEAR BUT IF YOU LIKE TO HAVE THE SUBTITLE THE GET OUT YOU MAGNIFING GLASS, ALSO FOR SURFING THE WEB. THE WRITING IS SUPER SMALL AND CAN ONLY ENLARGE A BIT, BUT IS STILL TOO SMALL. FORGET ABOUT TRYING TO TOUCH A LINK ON THE WEB PAGE UNLESS YOU HAVE SUPER TINY FINGERS. NOT SURE IF A TOUCH SCREEN PEN WOULD HELP EITHER. OVERALL I AM VERY DISAPPONTED AND HAVE BEEN THINKING OF RETURNING IT. IF THEY COULD MAKE IT SO YOU CAN ENLARGE THE WRITING ON THE WEB MORE AND GET A TEXT TO SPEECH APP THEN I WOULD BE HAPPIER WITH IT.I STILL MAY KEEP IT BECAUSE I CAN USE IT TO GET BOOKS FOR MY SON TO READ. IT IS EASY TO GET BOOKS WITH IT.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "LIKE IT BUT ....", "unixReviewTime": 1322697600, "reviewTime": "12 1, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3I80C13J9FVPE", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 18], "reviewText": "I agree with all of the other reviews I've just read. I was totally disappointed. It's very clunky and slow. I got this for my partner so that she could have a small, light and handy device to play games (Scrabble, etc.), read books & magazines, send/receive emails, and surf the web. I have an iPad2, so maybe we expected too much. I guess you get what you pay for--at least some times! This is going back as soon as I figure out how to send it back by USPS priority mail instead of UPS. Anyway, I'm pretty sure there are other tablets out there that are less expensive than an iPad that are more user friendly and that will operate more smoothly and swiftly. But for this one, don't bother!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "I'm sending it back, too!", "unixReviewTime": 1321833600, "reviewTime": "11 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3K1I3UR6UHYQ4", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 18], "reviewText": "It freezes occasionally and sometimes unresponsive.  It definitely could use some RAM enhancement. E books downloaded from Gutenburg most of the time did not work. On Facebook the screen wouldn't magnify for easy reading.  The Silk browser is subpar.  Many features in Google were disable.  I could not get Google Voice to work.  Once in a while it just sits there.  There are no delete, cut and paste features.  I could bookmark sites but had a hard time retrieving them.  I did some research on the new Nook, and some said they had bought the Fire but returned it.  They were much happier with the Nook's performance and smoothness.  I am thinking about returning my Fire.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire is barely adequate", "unixReviewTime": 1321920000, "reviewTime": "11 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3KWXDR3E4XW7B", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 18], "reviewText": "can't connect to wireless, my router is NEW and updated so it's not that.... I have the password so it's no that....What the heck?!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Seriously? This much for a paperweight?", "unixReviewTime": 1326412800, "reviewTime": "01 13, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A3KX49EKY9M6IL", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 18], "reviewText": "Clumsy implementation of Android, poor support knowledge base, slow, garbageware apps that unless I really missed something, can't be deleted from cloud or device, no intuitive/readily apparent way to import gmail contacts, clumsy cursor repositioning during typing, can't delete icons on carousel that needlessly clutter it....and oh, my browser crashed once already and locked up device.Further follow up:  later last night after my review, I tried to again get to love this device.  I started browsing and 2 favorite sites, which were opening fine on my iPad and PC, would not load.I did get a tech support reply this morning about my inability to load gmail contacts:  delete the (gmail) account and reenable it on the email app.  My IT person and myself had already tried that unsuccessfully.  As far as garbageware?  Tech support says they are there to stay.  Wow.  Who did Beta testing on the Fire?I'm back to my Droid 3 for a breath of fresh Android air", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Disappointed", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3O4JH69YLCIR6", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 18], "reviewText": "Do not waste your money!  This thing is worthless.  You are better off finding a used iPad 1 that's all scuffed up.Nothing is smooth.  When you scroll it is very choppy.The touch screen does not respond half the time.  I've literally had to mash my finger to the screen several times to get something to register.You an't access the Android Marketplace and the Amazon app store is just weak.8GB?  What am i supposed to do with that?  Yeah i know,  cloud storage blah blah blah.  Cloud or no cloud who was the genius that said 8GB is enough.I was trying to find a use for it.  Digital picture frame?  Touchscreen alarm panel? Screw that i'm getting rid of it.I don't think it is an android issue here it's a kindle fire issue along with their custom android interface and limitations.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Junk!!", "unixReviewTime": 1325894400, "reviewTime": "01 7, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A3RQXXRM3800L", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 18], "reviewText": "After much research, I bit the bullet and purchased the Kindle Fire.  What a waste of money it turned out to be!  Sure it's convenient to be able to grab the kindle if you want to look something up real quick or check your email but the screen absolutely sucks.  You can't view the screen outside or anywhere that it's bright.  The screen size is so small that it's ridiculous.  I know that many people absolutely love their Kindle fire - I am just not one of them.  So, if you are thinking about buying a Kindle Fire, think again!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Not worth the price", "unixReviewTime": 1336694400, "reviewTime": "05 11, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A45HI5L3OIMJ8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 18], "reviewText": "I had this for about three weeks, before I got tired of the frustration of trying to deal with the touch feature and sent it back.  It would constantly pick up hovering fingers as touches and often not respond to unambiguous touches.  Entering text was a chore - you wouldn't expect it to be more difficult to accurately enter text than on the relatively tiny screen of an iPhone, but that is exactly the case.While I can appreciate Amazon's attempt here, this is a straight up quality failure, even at this price.  I am not one of the people that tolerates my own typing errors, misspelled words, etc.  The other great features of the Fire can not outweigh the frustration of not being able to execute simple tasks like posting a comment to Facebook without numerous typos (one of which was kind of embarrassing).Try again, folks.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Touch is unacceptable", "unixReviewTime": 1323388800, "reviewTime": "12 9, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A4BAHBN1UN09J", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 18], "reviewText": "Very disappointing. The worst out-of-box experience ever. It comes in a cardboard shipping container, with no packaging of its own. (Amazon should learn from Apple on the pleasure of the out-of-box experience.) There's the Kindle and an AC adapter. Nothing else. No manual (understandable), not even a one page \"getting started\" sheet (not understandable.)I still haven't figured out how to turn the bloody thing on. Maybe mine is defective. After hunting around the edge of the Kindle I found a switch next to the USB power input. I press the switch. The screen displays the date and time, along with a background that looks like bullet shells. Then the screen fades away. That's all I see. No menus. Nothing. I have no idea of what I'm doing wrong.I think I'll send this back and wait for Apple to provide a smaller (and cheaper) iPad.Edited to add:OK, I figured out the finger swipe. And, a kind customer support person from Amazon e-mailed with help. Here's what I wrote back to him/her:I'm a very experienced IT person, having used both PCs and Macs since theearly 80's. I've also owned a variety of electronic gadgets, includingearly MP3 players like the Rio, three generation of iPhones, home computerservers, and on and on. I am a professional user interface designer.Never, never have I had problems figuring out how to turn on a device.There are two things you can do to avoid this problem, and they're both*very* basic in turns of out-of-the-box customer experience:1. Do not hide the \"getting started\" card in the lid of the shippingcontainer. Do not produce it in a \"cardboard\" color. Put a white piece ofpaper with the turn on (and slide on) instructions directly on top of theKindle so that it cannot be missed.2. Redesign the slider on the screen so that it has what we UI designerscall \"affordance.\" [...].Basically, that means when I look at your lock screen it should be*obvious* what I need to slide. Your \"slider\" looks decorative...it does notlook like something I should swipe with my finger.Contrast it with the iPhone's hard to miss \"slide to unlock\" slider. Couldyou consider actually using some text to clarify your slider?As I said in my post, the out-of-box experience for the Kindle is theworse I've seen for any electronic device, and I spend thousands ofdollars a year (look at my Amazon Prime account!) on computer andelectronic products. The experience is especially appalling compared tothat provided by Apple.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "It tells me the time and date, nothing else", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A4H9V3PWUIGQ2", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 18], "reviewText": "We purchased this mainly to watch movies/videos on Amazon.com.The volume of the videos on the built-in speakers is unacceptable (much too low). YouTube video volume is admittedly louder.There is a discussion of this in the Amazon Customer Discussions > Kindle forum > Kindle Fire Sound Quality.The low volume playback of videos is obviously not a random case as many Fire owners have complained about it and it's only been out a couple of days.I shipped the Fire back to Amazon.  If they fix the sound, we might try it again.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Low volume sound", "unixReviewTime": 1321747200, "reviewTime": "11 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A6QVHVF41LCWE", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 18], "reviewText": "I have spent hours trying to get this device to work properly. So far I have only been able to get it to connect to ONE wireless network. I called Amazon right after I bought it and after jumping through many hoops, they asked what kind of wireless router I had and when I said D-Link they said that they were having problems with wi-fi connections to D-Link routers. They suggested i get another router. Hmmm. Then when I did manage to get a wireless connection and tried to downlaod a magazine it said that I needed to have updated software and I found I needed to connect via a USB to the computer to download the 6.2 software. Of course the USB was not included. I bought one through a third party vendor. Now I have managed to connect with a USB and download some content from my library but when I try to open it it says that it is \"DRM protected\" and to try to down load again. Have done so twice with no success, although the same content opens on my ipad and iphone.i have been a loyal kindle user (this is about my 6th); but never have I been so frustrated. I agree that when it works it is pretty slick, but if you cannot get an easy internet connection (or apparently have the right brand of router) then...", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "I give up", "unixReviewTime": 1322956800, "reviewTime": "12 4, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A88PLJS9639LD", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 18], "reviewText": "When I first got my Kindle Fire i thought the $199 was just something that you can take advantage on but you get what you pay for with this! I mean my Kindle Fire Screen freezed 5 times today the off button was NOT! working. The Graphics are so bad and slow, Internet is the slowest thing in the world. If i where you i would go with the I-pad, Samsung Galaxy Blackberry Playbook, Acer, Motorolla, or any other tablet.P.S don't get exited with the apps they are not good fake android app store on this! and 8million songs on the music store that is the worlds BIGGEST LIE!!!!!!!!!!", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Boring... Lame Graphics", "unixReviewTime": 1330732800, "reviewTime": "03 3, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "AB92629ZEM4GB", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 18], "reviewText": "Nothing like the reviews said it was! If you do not have access to Wi-Fi, you cannot even read the kindle books. Very dissatisfied with this Kindle Fire! We travel a lot to my in-laws and cannot get wi-fi at their location because it is protected by their internet company so the Kindle Fire is absoluety useless. I have called their internet provider and even having them okay to speak with me and get the codes they will not give this information unless they charge my in-laws a fee of 2.95 per month added to their billing.I wish I had just waited and gotten the IPad which I really wanted but the reviews I read stated that the Kindle Fire does the same as the IPad, it does not! Don't be suckered in by the reviews! The browsing on the Kindle Fire is not user friendly at all! I really wish I had sent it back within the time frame to get a complete refund which I didn't because I was hoping that I would get used to it which I have not. It is hard to get used to something if you cannot use it daily which I cannot since most locations I am in I cannot get wi-fi. If I want to go sit at a place like McDonalds then it would be okay, that is not an option I care for!If you have test driven an IPad (which I did) you will be very unsatisfied with the Kindle Fire. Save your money and buy the IPad!My biggest complaint overall with the Kindle Fire is it is not user friendly and you HAVE TO HAVE WI-FI to even read any of the Kindle books. I have a kindle reader and LOVE IT, so I thought I could combine everything with the Kindle Fire. Without access to WI-FI this is impossible!!!!!!!", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire 7\"", "unixReviewTime": 1332633600, "reviewTime": "03 25, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "AD4HB8VC3BGPF", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 18], "reviewText": "It's 5 star if it cost $100. It's 1 star as it costs $200. Too heavy and thick for my taste; I was expecting kindle touch type of finish.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Worth $100", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AE19X1REK2G23", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 18], "reviewText": "It looks like I can't get some of my favorite apps on Kindle Fire device. Even though the apps are already available on Amazon's web app store.Apparently Amazon is blocking some apps on Kindle Fire:[...]I am better off buying another Android Device where I can install any app rather than playing by Amazon's rules.  No Thanks.7-inch Asus Transformer running Android OS 4.0 seems like a better choice.  This Kindle Fire device have older software, which is already obsolete anyways.Planning on returning my device.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Amazon blocks apps on Kindle Fire - No Thanks, will buy another device", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AE6OYB3PXJ1YW", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 18], "reviewText": "Just got the Kindle Fire today, what a waste of money, I should have listened to other reviewers.1. The device is absolutely useless for just one reason, what ever app you purchased like games, etc can only be played if you again login to amazon account thru kindle every time and2. if you logout all games are grayed out, after logging if you or anyone using it may accidentally buy the hundreds $ worth app in a click, no password asked before any purchase and its straight billed to your credit card and whatsoever it cannot be given to kids.3. No computer connecting cable came with the device which you need to buy separate.4. Other than the above, the device would have been a steal for $199, no a friendly device just for the reason you need to login to your credit card linked account to even open the apps you bought already.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Not usable by kids or anyone other than the owner.", "unixReviewTime": 1323820800, "reviewTime": "12 14, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AE8OJXCC4MSBP", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 18], "reviewText": "So my Kindle Fire turned up on the doorstep and this was to be my first Kindle experience. I stupidly also ordered the protection sleeve at approx $30 and was sent something that's worth about $10 at the most. Better off finding a sleeve at Office Depot and save 20 odd dollars.Having never used a Kindle before I was a bit shocked at NO DOCUMENTATION in the box at all. Nothing. Not even a link to where I might find documentation. I'm assuming that the Wi-Fi works out the box in a coffee shop but setup using a home network with fixed ip addresses is awkward and not mentioned once in the documentation(once you've hunted that down), you have to try and find where it is and with no documentation that's not easy.The on-screen keyboard was obviously designed to produce as many typos as possible. I've still not mastered how your meant to use it without getting a mess of typos and that's using portrait or landscape screen.Once you fight through the setup and get the networking working I still had issues. Just to try it I browsed the free books and found I had to tap three or four times on a book icon to see the description and the same issue if I tried to \"order it\".For an extra $149 I could have purchased the cheapest laptop on Newegg.  So that makes the Kindle Fire overpriced by at least 70 or 80 dollars and in reality probably more.I know Kindle (iPad etc) have a large devoted group of users. Having had this thing for 5 days I'm not sure why when there are far better alternatives that offer a lot more.But does it work as a book reader .., yes it does but there again, so does my paper back.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Not impressed at all", "unixReviewTime": 1321833600, "reviewTime": "11 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AHDJUO8PAIJM2", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [10, 18], "reviewText": "I bought a Kindle Fire for my 12-year-old daughter and so far, after a day of playing around with the account settings and half an hour on the phone with Support, I have found that this device is not intended for anyone without a credit card, most of its functions cannot be used and unless I get my daughter a credit card we have to give it back.1) The Kindle Fire can only be used with a credit card.  There has to be a credit card linked to the Fire, and all the Fire's content is 1-click purchasing from that card.  If you buy it for your own child, you can attach your card and he/she will have unlimited use of your credit card to buy anything from the Fire.  Ok, maybe that's ok with you.  But if you buy it for someone else's child, either their parents will have to attach a credit card to it, or you will, or the thing will be a brick.  If you buy someone else's child a Fire and a Gift Card then you're a real fool ... read on ...2) If you buy or receive Amazon Gift Cards for your Kindle Fire, they will not work.  They just don't work, period.  Kindle Fire content cannot be purchased with Amazon Gift Cards.  Sounds incredible, right?  It's true.  And if you buy a Gift Card from a retail store with the intent to give it to someone with a Kindle Fire, you will be stuck with a useless Gift Card that cannot be returned and cannot be used.  The recipient can buy something else from Amazon using the gift card (whiskey is not available from Amazon, but Tylenol is ... you need something to deal with this headache), but they still will have a fairly useless Kindle Fire until they attach a credit card.I don't know what all the thousands of kids are doing who got Kindle Fires for Christmas.  Wishing they got an iPod Touch?  My older daughter has an iPod Touch and my younger one CHOSE a Kindle Fire, after comparing to the Touch, now she regrets it and so do I.  I suppose I'll get her a prepaid credit card, but what a pain those are.Some other complaints:- The Fire cannot be gifted to anyone outside the USA- The power button is on the bottom, where it gets pressed by the simple act of holding the device.  Why would you put a button on the bottom of a hand-held device?- There are no hard volume controlsIt bothers me that Amazon would make design decisions like this. It's especially hard to believe that Gift Cards can't be used to buy content on a Fire.  There are going to be so many disappointed people.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Do Not Buy Kindle Fire for Kids or Teens", "unixReviewTime": 1324857600, "reviewTime": "12 26, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AIGYPOJ02TTSE", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 18], "reviewText": "I pre-ordered a Kindle Fire and finally got it last week, only to discover that (1) it did not work as it would not read any wi-fi network and (2) according to Kindle's tech support people, it was shipped with outdated software.  Although they claimed the updated software would fix the problem, it did not.  Nor did the information at the download site suggest that it would.  I placed a call to Amazon last Thursday about getting it replaced by a working model.  I was told they could not as I had to do the software download first.  Of course, they did not disclose the requirement of the download in anything in the package;  had they done that, I could have installed it and then complained that it did not work.  I had to wait until I returned to my home from a trip to call and arrange the replacement.  I called last Saturday.  We did the software upgrade to no avail.  I was promised that a replacement Fire would arrive today, Monday.  Of course, it did not.  When I called to complain I learned that they had not shipped the replacement yet, despite the promise of delivery by today.  The excuse they gave me was that they needed some undetermined piece of information to ship it.  Notwithstanding the fact that they asked for no information, they promised a replacement would arrive by Wednesday next.  Needless to say, I will not hold my breath.  My respect for Amazon as a vendor has suffered severely as a result of this fiasco.  The exceptionally poor customer service work done by its staff of what, to me, appears poorly trained representatives did nothing to make me feel better about the problem and, in fact aggravated it.  I have no idea whether the Kindle Fire is any good as I still have not received a working unit.  I guess that in itself should say something about the quality of the device.  As a result of the manner in which Amazon mishandled this situation, I will find it very difficult to justify paying Amazon for any additional products.  I have lost confidence in Amazon as a vendor.  As it used to be a pretty fair organization, it is unfortunate that they screwed the pooch so badly on this one.Update:  They did finally get me a working Kindle Fire.  I do like the device, now that it works. If I did not have an iPad, I would take it with me most of the time;", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "THE GEAT FIRE DISASTER", "unixReviewTime": 1321833600, "reviewTime": "11 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AIYBIC4547NMX", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Deborah Horne", "helpful": [17, 18], "reviewText": "I received my Kindle Fire 2 days ago and it has surpassed all of my expectations. I could not be happier with this product!My goal was try everything to see if there were any weak points in the device and frankly I just can't find anything that I dislike. Throw in the great price point and I'm feeling really good about waiting on that much more expensive IPAD purchase!First the the colors are amazing! I love the way everything is set up and integrated. It's very easy to figure out and in fact I didn't even consult the User's guide until last night....just to see if I missed anything that might be helpful.I've downloaded apps and a magazine, played games, checked my email and facebook, added a weather app and watched movies from both Amazon Prime and Netflix. I also set-up Pandora. While the built in speakers are not very loud I found with headphones it sounds great! I love the touchpad but found that some of the apps require a harder tap...however that's the apps and not the FIRE itself which is very responsiveI also surfed the web,loaded some of my photos and watched a video emailed from my sis!!! The Photo Gallery app allows cropping and even  provides a slideshow function...and the photos look awesome!Last night I borrowed a book from the lending library....it took about 5 seconds. I've had no issues with load time on anything...it's just smooth. To be honest...I've had a hard time putting it down!Amazon has hit a grand slam home run with this product and I would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone considering it. In fact I love this so much I bought one for my Mom. Ssssshhhhh! Don't tell her!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "This was the answer to my IPAD envy!", "unixReviewTime": 1321747200, "reviewTime": "11 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AJLZYK042NN7Z", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "easey", "helpful": [14, 18], "reviewText": "Wow!! is it possible for a 199$ tablet to be this good?  I had a iPad 1 and an iPad 2. I also bought an HP touchpad during their 99$ fire sale. So I am no stranger to tablets. Now, is the Kindle fire better than the iPad 1 and 2?  Well I like the fact that it is smaller so you can carry it with you.  You can even fit the Kindle Fire in your coat pocket. How do you carry an iPad without needing a man purse? And if you are carring a man purse then what is the advantage over not carrying a laptop? There are a few things that the iPad has the the Kindle Fire doesn't.  For example, no 3G (That is not a big deal to me).  There is no bluetooth on the Kindle Fire (That is not a big deal to me either).  Also, there are more apps and a lot better games on the iPad.  However, the app selection for the Kindle Fire is no slouch. They actually have a darn good app selection.  So is the Kindle Fire better than the iPad? Not exactly. I'd rather have a Kindle Fire but that is my preference.  I will say, that the Kindle Fire is far better than the HP touchpad and the HP touchpad was introduced at 500$. So this 199$ tablet is better than a 500$ tablet.  That is saying something.  This tablet is so worth the money I can't even say it enough. Buy it.  You won't regret it.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Are you sure its only 199?", "unixReviewTime": 1322092800, "reviewTime": "11 24, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ALVWPU53AMPD2", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 18], "reviewText": "When I had finally decided I was ready to give eReaders a shot, the Kindle Fire was conveniently announced shortly thereafter. Comparing it to all the other Kindles, the price of the Fire won me over; it wasn't much more to \"upgrade\" to a Fire so I preordered and anxiously awaited the day it would finally be in my hands.Easy to set up and navigate, I quickly downloaded a few free apps and books to try it out. Since Christmas is just around the corner and I'd just spent $200 on an impulse purchase, I wasn't planning on buying any content just yet. But for all the enthusiasm I'd had, the Fire curiously spent a lot of time by itself, mostly ignored. I just assumed I'd need to start buying content I actually wanted to read and just get used to the device, but disinterest quickly turned into anger and regret. I simply wasn't enjoying using this device.One of my biggest problems is the weight of this thing. It's a lot heftier than I thought it'd be and strikes me as comparable to an iPad despite its smaller size. It's awkward for both reading and trying to hold in one hand. The home page carousel feature is annoying and useless and there's no way to get rid of it or customize it to be less annoying. I don't need to be reminded of what the last 10 things I did on it were because I remember what I did and it's not hard to find them later without this feature. Since pages rotate with the device, books would also do this. If there's a way to lock them, I never found it so this just drove me crazy when trying to read as I don't sit in one position when doing so.When I decided on this device, I knew exactly what I was getting and was well aware of it's shortcomings. Things that I thought wouldn't be an issue suddenly were (back-lit screen vs. e-ink, weight, layout). Things that many people seem to be complaining about were not an issue for me (sensitivity, browser speed, lack of camera/SD card slot, obvious consumption device).I had thought this would be a nice way to combine all my media needs into one device, which would particularly be great for traveling (still think so). But then I realized how little I personally would get out of this thing. I don't read newspapers, have only 1 magazine subscription, only wanted a handful of game apps, don't buy videos from Amazon, and wasn't about to change my buying habits to make use of those features; my needs just don't justify keeping this.I really wanted to love the Fire and still think it's a slick little device, but it's just not for me. It's overkill for my needs yet it doesn't really work well enough for what I wanted it to (eReader). Unfortunately, it's being returned and I'll reconsider the other Kindles.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "It's not you, it's me...", "unixReviewTime": 1322697600, "reviewTime": "12 1, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ALZNX94ST4MWF", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "noodles", "helpful": [17, 18], "reviewText": "Arrived at 9:30 this morning. Absolutely amazing how quickly I got this little bad boy.Pros:-Feels solid to hold. Awesome build quality. Makes me confident it'll take a beating.-FAST. I mean wow. Booted up smoothly, navigates with zero lag. The browser is exceptional.-Intuitive. I own an iPad and a Galaxy tab, but for casual media consumption this interface is going to be hard to beat. It's crazy easy to use.-Cheap. I don't use my tablets for anything but consuming media. After playing with this for a couple of hours I'm having trouble remembering why I paid 500$+ for my other tablets....Cons:-Seems to be pretty locked into Amazon's infrastructure, which will make using it like a normal tablet difficult.-3G would be nice for media consumption. I can tether it to my phone, but for something so focused on being easy to use, that's not a great solution. I would have gladly paid another 50$ for 3G.Comments:-I would pay 100$ more if this had a basic front facing camera and 3G. Hopefully given the apparent success of this they will release a premium model.-For 200$, this does pretty much everything I do on my other tablets. With the small form factor, it's likely I will carry it more places than the other gadgets. Although, at 200$ if it never leaves my coffee table I'll still be happy with it.I'll update this after a week of use, but for now it gets 5 stars for what it is. My cons would be bigger cons if this were marketed as a tablet computer. It's really not though, it's a media consumption device and for that it's exceptional.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Solid as a Rock", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ANJ0XWJF7KHQE", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 18], "reviewText": "First off, I'm biased: I like Apple products.This was an impulse buy if there ever was one: I happened to be doing some shopping when the Kindle ad first appeared on Amazon's home page. After a couple of minutes I clicked \"buy\" because of the low price, Netflix availability, and promised fast web browsing. I installed a bunch of apps and played with it but have ultimately decided to return it.Pro'sGorilla glass - we had several broken iPod + 1 broken iPad screen in our familyScreen larger than iPod touch- I compare with iPod touch because it's the same price- Larger screen size has disadvantages as well if you like one handed operationExcellent and easy \"getting started\" processEasy operation as opposed to other Android products I have seen (Amazon did a much better job copying Apple than Google did)Apps are easily found and installedApps are screened by Amazon (if I'm not mistaken) so no virus dangerConsNo fast web browsing as was promisedUI experience not as smooth as iPod touch- sometimes stuttery animation- sometimes touch events are missed- home icon not always present (otherwise I might prefer it over Apple's home button)Pixel density too low- Once you have gone retina, there is seriously no going back (therefore no iPad for me until iPad 3 comes out)No microphone and apps relying on voice input (voip)Bunch of sensors missing, so gaming is less funCan't hook it up to our existing content which resides in iTunes and since today, in iCloud as well", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Does not compare favorably to iPod touch", "unixReviewTime": 1322352000, "reviewTime": "11 27, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ANYO4NOZ1ONBZ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "John", "helpful": [15, 18], "reviewText": "We've had the Kindle Fire for about a week now.  The Fire is a good product.  It's about as heavy as the last generation Kindle, if the previous Kindle is in Amazon's case with a light.  The form factor isn't anything fancy, but the build quality seems solid.Some positives:It is very responsive, and the web browser seems fairly robust for a first version.  However, we have seen times where the browser bogs down, just due to processing the graphics (apart from the internet speed).  Switching between apps is snappy, and the user interface is generally easy to use.The Amazon store app is tremendous, which is both positive and negative.  It lets you easily find and buy products.  This includes both apps and physical goods.  A number of apps are free with advertising included, and the advertising is fairly unobtrusive - think bars that appear while the next level is loading, rather than 30 second cutscenes.The battery life is fine, at about 8 hours.Some negatives:Flash video works, but it get a little blocky.  Also, magazines can be a little pixelated.The Fire can get warm, after a bit of use.  It also takes a bit to charge.Reading is fine in the dark.  The backlit screen means that you don't have to have a seperate light.  However, in the daytime, the screen can pick up a glare, so I prefer using my regular Kindle for daytime reading.Overall:  I really enjoy using the Fire for general websurfing, as well as playing apps like Angry Birds.  The size is easy to hold in one hand, and it serves the same functions as a much more expensive tablet.  I would buy it again.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Great tablet for web browsing or reading", "unixReviewTime": 1321747200, "reviewTime": "11 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AQQ1M1ZCLKX7S", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Anthony Hick", "helpful": [14, 18], "reviewText": "Very cool device. I think Amazon hit all the right points with this. The interface is clean and easy to use. It has easy access to everything with out a few clicks. The form factor is perfect for this device, and the price point is amazing. You know Amazon is losing money on every Kindle Fire they sell, and I think it was a good move for them to cut out all the unnecessary hardware. I have gps and a camera on my phone, why would I need it on a tablet?", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Very clean and fast interface", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ARA3HLUX0FEU0", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 18], "reviewText": "Very poor user experience, returned it after using it for a couple of days1. The back button is not responsive except after 2 or 4 clicks2. The device is really slow once you start loading apps it takes considerable amount of time to load some apps. User interface is not responsive, and even the icons in the app market place have white edges like it is unfinished!3. not all Apps in the android market place are available like gmail.4. Mail application is like a knockoff from the ipad mail app5. nothing special about the reading experience very similar to ipad or any other device6. device is thick and heavy to hold.7. you can accidently click ont he power off button while reading.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Poor User Experience", "unixReviewTime": 1323561600, "reviewTime": "12 11, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ARFGCPP67AJQG", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 18], "reviewText": "The excitement mounted as I anxiously awaited delivery of my Kindle Fire. The first thing I did was head to Market Place to establish my Gmail, Calendar and Google Docs.  YIKES!  They are not supported on the Fire.  This is a deal breaker for me and so alas my Kindle Fire is being returned.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "So Disappointed in the Kindle Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1321747200, "reviewTime": "11 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ARK7H11L57ZX5", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "bobjelly55", "helpful": [16, 18], "reviewText": "Great quality. The entire case of the device feels like it is made of high quality materials. The holding it is very comfortable. Unlike the iPad which feels like a metallic-plastic combination and makes this really irritating scratching sound (kind of like a long hissing sound) when it slides on a table (there is no traction unless you get a case!), the Kindle's velvety backside make it grip on tables better and is quiet.The screen is also great. Really strong glass so it doesn't scratch, even when I put it with notebooks that have metallic spirals rings and with keys.It is fast! It sometimes runs faster than the android phones. Hasn't lagged so far.Web browsing seems flawless. Connect and surf.As for storage, 8GB is definitely not small. The cloud allows me to store books that i have read so that I can make room for new ones. Also, the Amazon Cloud allows me to keep the music I don't listen to off of the tablet and my watched movies go onto the cloud. What's even better is that I can stream it on my computer if I get tired of using the Kindle. The B&N; NookTablet can't do that.The only issue is that sometimes the words are too small, but that's probably because magazine have small font to begin with so shrinking down to a 7 in screen is not helping.Oh yeah, and with Amazon Prime, it beats having to pay more for Netflix. Heck Netflix doesn't even let you watch some of the more popular shows (like Bones and Castle) through its online stream, you have to get the DVD. Really?B&N;'s NookTablet boasts that you get Netflix but what they don't tell you is that you have to wait to watch a lot of shows because Netflix doesn't let you online stream the more popular ones. Amazon at least lets you. The Nook doesn't even allow you to stop watching a movie on your tablet and then pick it up on your computer. Amazon's video streams allow you to do so.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Great quality for the price!", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AROBR6VBQJ86I", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 18], "reviewText": "I recently bought the kindle fire....and was not disappointed by the look, feel, graphics etc, but that was as expected. What i did not expect is to not be able to purchase apps, movies etc because of the country restrictions enforced on your credit card issuer. I live and work in Miami, but my credit card/bank is from a foreign country (non US). I could not purchase anything, even after being a regular user of amazon shopping daily.The free apps are also not available for download. Yopu can even use a giftcard/voucher!!!!!!!! Not happy and very dissappointed", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire purchase limitations", "unixReviewTime": 1322438400, "reviewTime": "11 28, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ARRXWSZ5OCS6P", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 18], "reviewText": "I have never been so disappointed! When I got this yesterday I was so excited! I did notice that it says 'Emma's Kindle' in the upper left corner, but I reset the date and time, then tried unsuccessfully to register (got error messages after many trys). I contacted customer service, and they registered for me, but still not working from my end, still not registered. The dlink wi-fi had a strong connection and still nothing...............After talking to many reps who never left notes for the next call, even though they asked me to call back later????  Each one had a different suggestion..hold the on button for a few minutes, check the wi=fi connection, and so forth and so on... I'm exhausted!I do believe they sent me the wrong kindle which is already programed for 'Emma'.;-(  I am returning this tomorrow, and will think a long while before I order another, if ever.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "nothing but trouble, poor reps, no help, sent me 'emma's kindle'", "unixReviewTime": 1321920000, "reviewTime": "11 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ASFDQ2CFKP5N", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 18], "reviewText": "This is a sad state of affairs for Amazon in that for the first time they provided product/service that is a horrible failure.  For the first time they put out a product based on market timing rather than taking the time to ensure on the \"Ultimate\" customer experience was delivered.  My wife was an early early adopter of the Gen 1 device and had loved it since day one.  Now all I hear from her now is how bad the Fire is.  My grand kids refuse to use it after growing up playing games on an iPhone.  They ask, \"why is it so slow\"?  All the other 1 star reviews detail the issues and I agree with most of them.  This is simply my note to add fuel to the Fire.  As a former eleven year employee of Amazon I carry deep embarrassment due the poor release of this product.  Amazon knows better and I am frankly at a loss to understand what the heck are they doing, what changed in their culture to allow this to happen?", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "OMG.... what a disaster", "unixReviewTime": 1323993600, "reviewTime": "12 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AUR5BBXEXMU0J", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 18], "reviewText": "How in the world do you release a Wi-Fi product without parental controls?  Could be a great reader for kids . . . but you need to watch over their shoulder the entire time to make sure they don't accidentally purchase something with \"one-touch\".  Might as well give them a hand grenade and tell them just don't pull the pin.PLEASE fix this with an update.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "No Parental Controls??!!", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AURMWKKEZ2YK1", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 18], "reviewText": "Product review update. I wrote my last review in haste. I decided that given all the other great reviews maybe it was me with the problem. The good news? I'm not inept. The bad news? The Kindle Fire remains the single greatest $200 mistake I've ever made. I'm not a demanding user. I wanted to try the Kindle to read books. Good experience. I'm not a big movie watcher, but the video is remarkable although the audio is sub-par. What I really wanted from the Fire was the ability to read my newspapers, magazines and blog sites. The download time to pull up the front page of a newspaper was painfully slow. I have a subscription to the Wall Street Journal and was never once able to access it because the log on area fell half way off the page. It was also bothersome that items would appear in my home page \"library\" that I had no interest in. All in all, an incredibly frustrating experience. I realize I stated earlier that I was not inept. Well, that's not exactly true. Today marks the 30th day I've had the Kindle which means I can't return it. It will serve as an effective paper weight for my desk and allow me to offer personal reviews for anyone who asks.Hmmmmm, where to start. This interface is the most counter-intuitive I've used on any electronic device. The size is clumsy, you can't one-hand it and two hands seems like too much. They keyboard is more sensitive than an iPhone and I spend half my time correcting spelling errors. The download time for the front page of, say, a newspaper is often more than 30 seconds. For an Android system, it's odd that there are so many apps that cannot be loaded (e-trade for one). I'm a huge Amazon fan, but never have I been so frustrated with a product out of the box. I seem to be in the minority here as I see the five star ratings are dominant. A computer pad is supposed to make our lives just a tiny bit easier or perhaps enjoyable. The Kindle Fire does neither. I'd recommend it to exactly no one. Back to my first generation iPad I go, and happily so. I'm not a curmudgeon, most of my Amazon product reviews fall in the 4/5 category. Seriously, this KF device is a stinker.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "I'll pay $199 for someone to haul it away", "unixReviewTime": 1322265600, "reviewTime": "11 26, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AW539EKTHDTSD", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Albert \"DrAlAlDr\"", "helpful": [15, 18], "reviewText": "Original Review:  I am a long time Kindle user who also subscribes to Amazon Prime.  I have an iPhone, but not an iPad.  I tend to be a late early adopter of technology, not in the first wave, but usually in second or sometimes third wave when price comes down, features increase and bugs decrease. But I track the options so I know when to go in and why I want a new gadget.  I also travel a lot for business, including international travel.  I've been waiting for the Fire as an affordable tablet that might supplement my Kindle, but not expecting an iPad or even a Samsung Galaxy Tab.  Which is good, because I feel like what I got is the Model T of tablets.My grandfather and dad use to tell me about the Ford Model T.  It was a basic, functional, affordable car that didn't have a lot of frills. Ford said something like, \"It came in all the colors you wanted as long as that was black.\"  Well, the Kindle Fire fits that (right down to only coming in black).  It doesn't have bluetooth or much memory, both of which I think are problems and almost nixed the transaction for me - if not for the $199 price.I've been on a trip to Berlin and London and took my Kindle Keyboard 3G along so I could get newspapers overseas and I wasn't sure about the Fire's battery or ability to connect to WiFi.  But, I could have managed with just the Kindle Fire, or so it turns out.  The Fire needs charging a lot more often than the Kindle Keyboard, but it does ok on battery life.  I've been able to connect to WiFi in public places in US, Berlin and London, and in one case I used my BOINGO account via web page to log in.  I will say the Silk browser takes some getting use to (I'm not sure where it stores passwords and such, I think it must be on the device as it seems to have the ability to do this and automatically enter info if you return to a login page - including for a WiFi connection).  It definitely is slow at first, but it does seem to be a bit faster with time.  I use it off and on for web browsing, and it is ok for limited times that way.  Definitely easier to read the print than on my iPhone due to bigger screen.The Kindle aspect of the Kindle Fire is ok, though I don't understand why Amazon hasn't implemented folders or a collections feature as they have on the eInk Kindles.  I have HUNDREDS of eBooks and I HATE scrolling through all of them to find something.  Collections would be a big improvement.  Or \"tags\" so you could easily group/select books by subject (e.g., digital photography books, history books, medical references, etc.).  While I'm complaining about the software, Amazon, please listen to your loyal customers and allow the option of deleting things from the carousel on the opening screen!!As a shopping platform the Kindle Fire works fine.  I'm sure Amazon will make up in sales what it loses on each Fire.  BUT THEY WOULD SELL EVEN MORE IF THEY MADE THE KINDLE FIRE HARDWARE A BIT MORE COMPETITIVE - BLUETOOTH AND 16 OR 32 GBYTES OF MEMORY WOULD BE A GOOD START THERE.  As it is, without bluetooth, you can't easily add a keyboard, so I'm rapidly relegating the Fire to play time or reading.  I can live without another camera...if I need to talk on the phone, I'll use my iPhone (including with Skype).  I do wish the on/off button was on the top of the Fire, half the time I accidentally put it to sleep or turn it off when I set it on its bottom edge.The Amazon App Store is ok, and it tells you when an app won't work on the Fire (if you are ordering using the Fire), but the number of apps available is still very limited.  And some don't make a lot of sense.  No camera and only 8 GB of memory?  Then why have a bunch of photography apps?  Similarly, the office productivity apps are almost worthless given the lack of bluetooth for connecting a keyboard (they are ok for viewing docs though).  I like that there are some pre-installed apps and that Amazon has a free app every day (for all or just Amazon Prime users?).As I said, all in all, this is a Model T.  It is ok for reading, game playing, limited video watching, limited internet surfing.  It isn't an iPad or a Samsung Galaxy Tab, but it is a decent tablet and likely will improve with time.  I'm not sorry I bought it, it fits with 2nd generation technology (or 1st generation of Amazon's application).  I suspect it will actually be a \"gateway\" tablet for many on their way to a more capable other tablet, much like the Model T was the first car for many families - on the way to America's love with the automobile.Update, Nov. 29:  One thing I forgot with the original review.  The Gorilla Glass screen of the Kindle Fire may be tough and scratch resistant, but it is very reflective and a magnet for finger prints.  I applied one of the screen \"protectors\" to reduce reflections and decrease finger prints.  The screen is much more pleasant to use then.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Model T of tablets", "unixReviewTime": 1322438400, "reviewTime": "11 28, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AWVKKBPP8Z0HN", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Amazon Customer", "helpful": [17, 18], "reviewText": "The Kindle Fire is a great 200 dollar tablet and e-reader.  Amazon could get away with charging more for this but were smart enough to make it affordable to most consumers.  I have not experienced the same type of issues that others are complaining about.  It's fast, easy to type on, very responsive, and has an excellent screen resolution.  I can highly reccomend the Fire for people who don't need all the bells and whistles of a 500 dollar tablet.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "The Kindle Fire is great", "unixReviewTime": 1324684800, "reviewTime": "12 24, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AX5RFNCML5P1N", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 18], "reviewText": "While I like the overall idea of the Kindle Fire, I'm disappointed the it doesn't have the 3G wireless like the Kindle I purchased for my mother.  I would have paid more for it if it would have included the 3G. I'm seriously considering returning it.  I wanted my kids to be able to watch movies in the car at dance class etc., but the only way they can do this is if I buy the movie.  I'm not going to pay $14.99 for a movie my kids can only watch on the Kindle.  I think I'm going to hold out for an iPad.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "disappointed", "unixReviewTime": 1321747200, "reviewTime": "11 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AYXNLZQPZFF2K", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 18], "reviewText": "Like many others, I thought the Kindle Fire would be a good entry level tablet computer. The basic operation is great and it performs as advertised, sort of. There are a lot of applications that you would expect to see on an Android derivative device that are no where to be found. None of the Google apps are available and access to the Android Market is redirected to Amazons app store.If you are looking for a color reader and media player then you will most likely be happy with the Kindle Fire. If you are looking for an Android tablet, I would not recommend buying the Fire.I was okay with not having some of the hardware features associated with most tablets for the lower price, but the application restrictions take away from the overall functionality and usefulness. Another small gripe is the completely locked user interface. The bookshelf is nice for a reader but is a poor choice for a tablet and with no personalization whatsoever it is a waist of that beautiful display.Sorry Amazon, I am returning the Kindle Fire and hope you will rethink the direction you have chosen for this product.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire is an advanced reader/media player, not a tablet", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1057STL4JPAY0", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 17], "reviewText": "I had many of the same problems that others have had with connecting. It took me over an hour to register.  I would have a connection for a short period of time and strange things would happen. I would lose the internet..  Everything would drop off. The connection to the router would be there but I would lose the internet. Then I would disconnect the wireless computers and the Fire from the router and try to reconnect and even though the router appeared on the network map nothing would reconnect. I would then reset the router and the modem and this would reestablish the connection. The computers would connect instantly but I would have to struggle with the Fire.  It could see the router but I would take ten or so tries to reconnect.At first I suspected a problem with the router, modem or the provider because I just knew the fire could not be doing any of this. I went through this process three times with the same results.I repair computers and install routers etc and this just does not make any sense at all. Everything worked fine in my home before I started with this thing and I haven't had a problem since I gave up on it.  I am almost embarrassed to write this because I find it hard to believe that it could happen.  I would love to spend some more time trying to make it work but it had several other problems that I did not want to deal with.I could not get a good fit on the usb connector. It was difficult to insert and it did not seem to be seated.I had to tap like a wood pecker to get a new page to open or to change applications.  Some times after taping away on an icon, it would just go to another land.  Trying to do caps or numbers on the keyboard was an adventure.When I did have a connection, it took forever to download anything.  I never was able to get more than the cover of one book and a view of few of my cloud holdings but no content. I never got to another website and would be on Amazon only a short period of time before I would loose itThis is the first item that I have ever preordered anything.  I have been dealing with Amazon for years and they are one of my favorite places to buy. Last year I bought the Kindle II for my wife and it has been one of the best purchases I have ever made.  I expected the same of the Fire. I just got a bad one and I will return it tomorrow. Mine contained an evil spirit.The really sad part is I presold my Wife's Kindle at a very good price (for the buyer) and now she wants to know what I was thinking.  Now I wonder if the new touch is as good as the II keyboard model.On my way to the UPS drop off point, I decided to give it one more try at a Mc Donald hot spot.  I was able to get on their web page but I was unable to get on the net or re register the product.  After about an hour of this, I had to go home and tape the box again for shipment.In the last 36 hours I have not had one blip on my network.  My two internets streaming deices and three wireless computers have worked without a hitch. Probably just one coincidence after another and anotherI knew this was a strange story so I called the VP of engineering at a large software firm and talked to him before I made this post.  In the world of electronics, anything that can happen will happen and things that can't happen will happen occasionally.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "A real Problem Child", "unixReviewTime": 1321660800, "reviewTime": "11 19, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A11O4CN6VPZRNW", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 17], "reviewText": "I tried this for 3 weeks and returned it for the following reasons:1 - Networking issues - well documented.  I know they're working on it, but the product apparently was not sufficiently quality tested.  Not good.2 - Usability.  Sorry, the bar was set WAY high by Apple and this device doesn't even come close to the mark.3 - Operability.  I purchased a few apps and the touch screen stopped working as expected and the power shut off inexplicably.  Resizing the screen with all apps just isn't elegant.4 - In my opinion, the screen is too small.Too many minuses to keep it, even at a killer price.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Returned it", "unixReviewTime": 1323129600, "reviewTime": "12 6, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A11ST2ABMTY7GM", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 17], "reviewText": "The Browser is horribly slow and occasionally crashes.The apps are a limited subset of what you get from the aneroid market.Maybe in the future the Amazon App store will be at parity with the greater market.If the device were $299 and made by Emerson it would be the most hated tablet ever.But its $199 and made by Amazon so people like it.You're probably better off getting a real tablet than this dud.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "it is cheap", "unixReviewTime": 1324944000, "reviewTime": "12 27, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A12LTYDEZDUEIV", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 17], "reviewText": "I bought two of these for Christmas to upgrade from Kindle Keyboard for my kids.  While they are in use, they have destroyed the real reason for the purchase.  My kids no longer use the Kindle Keyboard to read books, which is fine.  However, they no longer read books on Fire either.  Instead, they spend all their Fire time on web surfing and multi-media content.  This behavior is also found on kids with iTouch or iPad.As parents, we must manage their access to content and the Fire has minimal to non-existent parental control.  Aside from the fact that Fire lags technically behind other competing devices, the Fire destroyed a good book-reading habit built on the Kindle Keyboard and replaced with a mindless multi-media consumption habit.End result - Fire is no more.  Kindle Keyboard they're back on.Not recommended for kids or adults.  If you're an adult - get an iPad, Galaxy, TouchPad, or anything else instead with a free Kindle reading app.  If you're a kid, get an iPad, Galaxy, TouchPad, etc.Hope this helps.  Not recommended.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Seriously, don't get this for your kids", "unixReviewTime": 1328140800, "reviewTime": "02 2, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A13U529SRREYQL", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Morgan C. Valley", "helpful": [14, 17], "reviewText": "Preface ...A good while back I started to consider purchasing a \"tablet\". Now, with full disclosure in mind, most of my friends know I'm not too keen on Apple, which is a bias I have developed due to my ire for iTunes. I'd guess I'm not the only person in this digital age that can say, \"I like my iPod Touch just fine but I loathe iTunes.\" The thing about Apple that really bugs me is that iTunes is proprietary. If you want to download and manage content, you have to do it through iTunes, period. And, I simply find iTunes a bloated, annoying nightmare. Having been up front about this, I am admitting that the iPad tablet is the standard by which all others aspire to. I get it, and I concede the point. But, I will not own one because I refuse to be tethered to iTunes, not ever again. (Please, hold back on the vitriolic feedback from those who can't imagine someone not supporting the great Apple. It's not a personal attack on you.)Kindling ...So, moving on, I resolved that all other products were fair game. I looked at, researched, Googled, and generally poured over just about every other tablet, including e-readers, until my head nearly exploded. Back and forth, comparing specs, reading reviews ... ugh. Then one day, I just had a moment of impetuousness and ordered a Kindle Fire. Right up until the day before I clicked \"Place Order\", I still had no definitive idea what to do. I reckon, in a moment of clarity, I realized the answers to a simple question ... \"What are you going to use it for most?\"The answers in order were 1) reading books and magazines, 2) streaming video, 3) minimal amounts browsing, email and social networking, and, 4) listening to music.Full disclosure in mind, part deux: I'm already an Amazon Prime subscriber, an avid online consumer and a big fan of Amazon. Big. My annual $79 Prime membership easily pays for itself in shipping and convenience and, although the content doesn't match Netflix, Prime does include many thousands of movies and TV shows which can be streamed \"for free\". I stream a good deal of content under the umbrella of my Prime membership already, and I love it.Early on in my research, someone suggested the Kindle Fire but, after looking at it with a full blown tablet in mind, I dismissed it because it was comparatively slim on internal memory (8GB) and wasn't 3G. (It's Wi-Fi only.) I quickly said \"Meh\" ... and moved on. But, someone had said in a review that at $199, the Kindle Fire was almost an impulse buy at its low price, and that is certainly true. In fact, an iPad cost substantially more than twice that and so do a lot of other full blown tabs. A tweaked out iPad ... three times as much. You can get a decent lap top for that kind of scratch!My wife has owned a first generation Nook for over a year now and she loves it and reads on it every day. Nice size, and in a nice case, kind of sexy. (Also true for the wife, I might add.) I narrowed it down to wanting a 7\" device pretty easily. Although, I really didn't consider the Nook Color because as a Prime member ... well, why would I? Prime has its Kindle benefits, too.Yes, well, so I pulled the trigger on a Fire, and here's my blather on the \"points of interest\".Addressing My Own Criteria First ...As An e-Reader - Fabulous. At my age, it's wonderful to be able to size the font to my own needs. And, although it's not as \"booky\" as e-ink (like the display on my wife's Nook), you do have options of black on white, white on black, or my favorite, brown on tan. With the brightness toned back, it's very easy on the eyes during long reads. Also unlike her Nook, you can read in portrait or landscape orientation, and of course, it will self-adjust accordingly. It comes loaded with a comprehensive Oxford Dictionary which offers a really wonderful service; see a word you aren't familiar with and you can long touch the word which will immediately bring up the dictionary entry of it. Now that's something you can't do with paper.Images look rich because the screen is backlit and uses \"in plane switching\" (IPS) technology, the same technology that my best monitor offers, the one I use for professional photo editing. This means it looks great at almost any angle of view.Magazines look fabulous, too. The Fire offers a PAGE view and a TEXT view. In page, you see the entire original magazine page, and you can pinch to zoom in, but on a 7\" screen, it's not really very practical. In text, you get to bypass all the ads, still see the images in the articles, and adjust your font to taste. Hit the \"like\" button for me. That's a terrific feature.The Fire is fairly heavy in the hand, heavier than the wife's Nook, but I just am not bothered by that. I parked it in a RooCASE Dual View Multi-angle Leather Folio Case Cover ($25) which easily allows you to prop the device up in either orientation. It acts equally well as a stand or for lap support and it looks and feels great in addition to being protective.No buttons to turn pages. You just touch the right or left edge of the screen, or sweep a finger across it in whichever direction you want to go. One friend told me, \"Yeah, sorry, I like paper.\" That's fine, and I get it. Old habits die hard. As for me, the thing I most dislike about books is having to hold the damn book open (e.g. ... a thick paperback) which, as you get older, becomes more tiring on the evermore arthritic hands. Further, real books certainly do look great on a shelf, where they gather dust, and take up space ... a lot of space if you are a real an addict.As A Personal Streaming Video Player - Fabulous.  Wi-Fi required. (Of course, you can store movies on the device, but that's a little silly. Six or so movies would eat up your onboard storage. But, if you do that, you could view them without Wi-Fi.) The aforementioned IPS technology makes for a beautiful visual experience. The player buffers quickly and streams super smoothly with no glitching, at least on my home Wi-Fi network and everywhere else I've used it. The LCD screen is bright enough that I actually like to dial the brightness back substantially (which also extends battery life). One could listen to the little built-in speakers for audio, but in this age of ear buds, I'm not sure why you would unless it was your only choice.  The standard 3.5mm stereo audio output will take any headphone with a compatible male jack, or could just as easily be run to your home stereo amplifier and listened to on the \"big system\" with little more than a trip to Radio Shack (or Amazon) for the right cable / adapters and an available auxiliary input on your home stereo system.I've watched everything from vintage Rocky And Bullwinkle to Joss Whedon's Dollhouse while sitting comfortably at my desk, in my big leather office chair, audio connected to my head courtesy of Bose headphones, even whilst sipping a wee dram of Irish whiskey ... and it all looks great. Needless to say, it interfaces seamlessly with Amazon Prime Instant Video, but YouTube is just as stable.As A Browser / Email Utility - Great. Wi-Fi required. Amazon Silk, the browser that comes with the Fire is fast and smooth and easy on the eye. I like it very much. As for email, I was able to configure it for my Google Gmail account in about five seconds flat. To be fair, while it's nice to be able to check your email and respond and have all your contacts on board and all that, I really don't much care about it. Sometimes I just don't want to be reached, and while using it as a reader or video player I'd prefer to escape the world and its immediate connectivity. So goes it with Facebook and similar networking, too. Although the app and interface for Facebook on the Fire is quite nice, it isn't a deal maker for me. I already have a 3G phone that does all that. (I pay a minimum fee of $30 a month for 5GB of \"data\" access on my Droid, and use about a tenth of a gig, which tells you how much I want to be browsing and emailing when I'm not in my office or my home workstation.)As A Music Player - Great. Wi-Fi not required to access files on the device, but is required to use Pandora or similar cloud based services. You can listen to music while reading if you so choose. Again, the built-in speakers are adequate, but don't expect mind-blowing bass response. In fact, except for the lack of substantial volume, (it is, after all, a  \"personal space\" device) it sounds every bit as good or better than the first CD boombox I ever heard, which was a hell of a step up from a cassette tape boombox. Anyone remember those? Of course, headphones, earbuds, or output to an external stereo system would be a preferable audio experience.More To Consider ...Charging - You can use the device normally while charging with the supplied AC charger, but not while connected to a computer via USB where is it being recognized as a storage device, even though it is charging while connected there. I really appreciate being able to use it while charging; both places where I read most often, my desk and my recliner, are AC outlet friendly. Incidentally, it does NOT ship with a USB 2.0 / micro B connector cable, but if you have a smart phone, you probably already have one.Internal Memory - Yes, 8 gigs (under 7 after the space the OS hogs) is small by today's standards. Amazon is banking on the cloud, and giving away 5GB of cloud storage right out of the gate. Additional space is dirt cheap if you need more. The Fire offers two side by side, on- screen buttons: CLOUD and DEVICE. You can choose content from either when in wireless range. You can easily manage your content, swapping stuff to and fro using your Amazon account (It's the Manage Your Kindle link). But, this is NOT iTunes, baby. You can also manage and back up content by plugging your Fire into your computer via USB and dragging and dropping into and out of folders at will. Take that, iPad. That was a big one for me.Yes, I know ... we've become digital collectors. More is gooder. Our devices have become our digital junk rooms. Some of you have 240 GB of space on your music players and feel compelled to carry 20,000 mp3 files around with you everywhere you go.  Book addicts, I ask you, are you going to have to carry 10,000 books on your device? I mean, after you've totally enjoyed Cold Mountain, do you really need to carry it with you as if at any moment you might need to suddenly reread it on impulse?  In my own case, I lean more toward non-fiction which includes a good deal of \"how to\" content, some of it reference material. Even at that, I couldn't imagine myself needing to carry thousands of books with me. Realistically, even on a long vacation where Wi-Fi wasn't available, I think 6+GB of storage would provide all the space I would need to read and enjoy some music. All I would have to do would be to prepare for the trip by managing the content I intended to take along.Whispernet - The Kindle Fire uses Whispernet to sync all your compatible devices.[sic] ... \"Whispernet is accessible without any monthly fee or wireless subscription, although fees can be incurred for the delivery of periodicals and other content when roaming internationally beyond the customer's home country. Through a service called \"Whispersync,\" customers can synchronize reading progress, bookmarks and other information across Kindle hardware devices and other mobile devices.\"  -- WikipediaWhat's that mean? Well, even if you don't have a Kindle, Amazon has developed software for a broad variety of platforms including Windows, Mac, iOS, Blackberry, Android and so on. For instance, I had Kindle For PC on my home computer, even before ordering my Fire, for reading a few free books. Whispersync sees to it that when I quit reading on one device I will be able to open and continue reading at the same spot on any other device.  Pretty smooth.Common Complaints - Having read through a great many reviews and message boards about the Kindle Fire before (and moreso after) I purchased one, I saw a some recurring beefs from consumers, both Kindle Owners and non-owners in the Anti-Kindle camp. My thoughts and observations:Clunky Interface ... Some complain that the interface itself is sort of awkward and \"clunky\". The main carousel stores your recently accessed content using large icons in the chronological order you accessed them. (You sweep through the icons the same way you sweep through your albums on an iPod Touch or iPhone.) Customer feedback has been serious enough about the lack of customization that at the time of this writing, Amazon has already announced that in a few weeks a seamless, wireless upgrade via Whispernet will be uploaded to everyone's Fire.  Most of you, if buying a Fire in the future, will never know the original issue existed, if it was a problem at all. Also, this announcement from Amazon is good news to me, as I know that they will continue to make improvements to the OS and interface and upload upgrades automatically. It will just keep getting' better. (UPDATE: Just hours after uploading my review the aforementioned upgrade was delivered and, praise glory, you now have the option upon long touching an item in the carousel to \"remove from carousel\". This allows for us to really clean up the carousel and customize it to our liking.)Not Responsive Enough ... This is, in my opinion, quite true. There are moments when you tap and nothing happens, and you must tap again, and again. The device seems \"selectively problematic\". I find no troubles while reading books, scrolling page to next page. The carousel can be troublesome, sometimes reluctant to lock onto an icon. Double tapping is often ineffective, requiring subsequent taps and faster or slower intervals, or harder pressure to be effective. I have considered the possibility that I just have to get used to the feel of it, but it's been a while now, and I'm still noticing the problem.My most frustrating moments come with \"graphic novels\". The Fire is touted as offering an amazing experience with comics, and comes with an app for reading them. There are many fine comics available, including free content ... and so, as a fellow who was once a kid who loved comics, I downloaded a half dozen or so free titles. Once I got the feel for navigating ... (double tapping the first frame of a page zooms in and then sweeping left advances you to the next frame, a wonderful concept in theory) the experience began to improve. However, the double tapping at the beginning of each page was simply terrible with regard to sensitivity, just awful. That kind of frustration simply kills one's immersion in the story and swaps it out for higher blood pressure.I'm not sure whether this is an app issue, an OS issue or a hardware issue. All I know is it's probably my one serious complaint about the device. Again, the previously stated, newest upgrade is said to include an improved responsiveness. I sincerely hope that is true.Smallish Keyboard ... I'm inclined to agree; I'd like to see the pop-up, on-screen keyboard have larger keys. It still feels cramped to me, and on a 7\" screen, I can't imagine a reason not to utilize the majority of the space.Wi-Fi Only ... Just speaking for myself, I don't need 3G or 4G to read books. I have a Droid phone for all the other stuff. In my case, why spend extra money for that?Too Few Apps ... While it's true that there are not yet a huge number of apps for the Fire, I'm not too concerned about it. I found a free note pad utility and some other small things that seemed useful, and I'm not a gamer at all.  There is a toggle in SETTINGS to allow installation of apps from unknown sources, but I haven't been too eager to fill the device with stuff I probably won't use anyway.No Camera or Microphone ... I have a Droid phone for that. And, at $199, I don't think you can whine too awful much.No USB 2.0/3.0, HDMI, or Other Outputs ... All true. And, at $199, I don't think you can whine too awful much.All That \"Amazon Stuff\" ... I showed my new Fire to a friend while in the company of a young, computer techie stranger, and I mentioned it was not a full blown tablet. The young fellow rolled his eyes in disgust and made it clear that, in his expert opinion, it was a completely inferior device and waste of money, that it was a joke compared to iPad, and that you are forced into \"all that Amazon stuff\". Hmmm, how curious. I explained to him that I loved Amazon, was a Prime member who found it a tremendous value, that I didn't expect it to be a fully functional tablet, didn't need 3G, and that it was exactly what I was looking for. Then, I reminded him that he was perfectly OK with being tethered to the proprietary behemoth known as iTunes, so what was the problem? (The answer is ... he suffers from IT'S-NOT-AN-iPAD-SO-IT'S-CRAP syndrome.)Too Little Memory ... I'll have to admit, I'd have liked to see a 16 GB device for a little more, but as I stated early in the review, I came to terms with it. Amazon was adamant about keeping the price under $200, and with that came sacrifices. Fair enough. I'm over it.  One observant Kindle advocate on a message board addressed the memory complaint of another poster as follows: \"If you really must have more memory, you can buy two of them and still spend less than an iPad costs.\" Indeed.Poor Battery Life ... This issue is the subject of much Internet fodder. So, some reality checking is in order. It's a backlit screen, and a small device, which means it contains a relatively small battery. One cannot expect the kind of battery life one gets with an e-ink reader. Remember that with Wi-Fi on, the device is constantly searching for a network, sucking juice. Remember that the brighter the screen, the more battery it eats. The first day, on the first charge, with Wi-Fi continuously on and the screen dialed up, I got just a few hours of charge. (After a few charges, the battery breaks in and improves.) And now, I am getting exactly what Amazon claims, about eight hours, give or take. Guess what I do? Yep, keep the Wi-Fi off if I don't need it and dial the brightness back considerably ... actually, I prefer it dialed back; I think it reduces eye strain. By the way, on a full charge, I can easily watch five to six hours of streaming video, for whatever that's worth.Poor Substitute For An iPad ... Apples and oranges are both fruits, but you can't substitute one for the other. Duh, it's not a full blown tablet. It's an e-reader with extras. It's a hundred and ninety-nine bucks, for cripe's sake.The Down Side ...Did you think I couldn't find at least a few things that bug me?Smudges ... Like my Droid, the screen is glass and it does take fingerprint smudges to the next level. I'm over it. I just pack a little microfiber cloth and when it bugs me, I wipe it clean.PDFs ... I was hopeful with regards to PDF format because I have a few eBooks that are in that format, as well as a good many User Guides / Owners Manuals for everything from high end cameras to electronic appliances. This is where a 10\" screen would be a benefit. Pinch zooming and dragging the document around is a pain in the ... oops. Then again, I should have expected such ... it's a 7\" screen. My bad.The Price ...It's a hundred and ninety-nine bucks, for cripe's sake!!  Keep that in mind, please.In conclusion ...I think it best to consider the Kindle Fire an e-reader \"friend with benefits\". I'm not the first to say or admit it will never be an iPad killer. Please refer back to the \"apples and oranges\" section when addressing that concept. Oh, and did I mention ...  I love it.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "A Friend With Benefits", "unixReviewTime": 1324339200, "reviewTime": "12 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A14IUTFYEL0LCB", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 17], "reviewText": "The internal storage gives you 5GB. That's lame (8GB is advertised but apparently 3GB goes for the OS, etc.). No support for external SDs. What do you do on a plane or in countries where you cannot reach the Amazon cloud?The browser does not support RTL languages (Arabic, Hebrew).All in all, this device favors Amazon, not the end user.Don't waste your money.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "This device is for Amazon not for end users", "unixReviewTime": 1325980800, "reviewTime": "01 8, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A14WVA7JJ4RML4", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 17], "reviewText": "Being on a limited budget, I have long waited for an affordable, expertly executed tablet that I could surf the Internet on, send and receive e-mail and most importantly, use as a media device for long road trips and airplane flights. Unable to acquire an HP Touchpad during HP's fire sale and unable to afford an Apple iPad, I pre-ordered the Kindle Fire with the high hopes that my expectations of finally being able to own a feature rich tablet would be realized.After two months of owning a Kindle Fire and putting the device through its paces, I have mixed feelings about this tablet. For every reason to love the Kindle Fire, there is a reason to feel a bit let down. My biggest disappointment with the Kindle Fire is the user interface. It is slow, lethargic and extremely frustrating to use. This is only hampered by the widely spaced sensors embedded in the screen, which makes activating elements of the GUI difficult and onerous.Amazon has touted that the processor in the Kindle Fire is a dual core, 1GHz processor, but when navigating through the Android based OS, the experience is akin to wading through a pool of molasses: Menus load haltingly, there is noticeable delay when switching tasks and worse, screen elements are not executed promptly or smoothly when you touch them. I suspect that this is more of a result of the lack of onboard RAM than the CPU, but I have no way to prove this.I also take offense to the external speakers with this tablet. They are located at the top of the device (if you are holding the Fire in portrait mode). This is fine for listening to music on the external speakers, but when watching movies in landscape mode, the speakers are on one side of the device which means the localization of sound is not accurate. Speaking of sound, the lack of a physical volume button is also a great annoyance, a colossal design flaw in this device.Other nitpicks  include the much maligned and highly criticized Carousel, the location of the power button, inability to secure your Amazon account and the Gallery application. The Gallery is perhaps the worst application when accessing movies you have transferred from your PC to the Kindle Fire. Accessing and navigating the Gallery is unintuitive and borderline maddening: Something as simple as locating and playing a movie becomes an experience unto itself.For $199, you must make certain concessions for the device; after all, you can't expect to pay this kind of money and receive Apple iPad-esque performance and features. However, all things being equal, I would much prefer paying for a tablet that performs smoothly and flawlessly than be inundated with a slew of half-baked features, all of which are average at best. I'd rather have just a few things done right, rather than have everything be mediocre.To that end, I find it a travesty to tout a dual core processor when it is painfully obvious that the sensor glass and onboard RAM are woefully inadequate to keep up with it. It's frustrating to see such a great idea for a tablet be hampered by critical hardware design flaws. It makes the entire experience of the Kindle Fire frustrating and aggravating, leaving little in the way for users to continue to want to use the device.It gets to the point where it doesn't matter how \"cool\" or compelling the features of the Kindle Fire are. The serious hardware issues with this device effectively cripples the user experience and overshadows anything positive that the Fire offers. Amazon needs to concentrate on hardware basics with the next iteration of the Kindle Fire before electing to add all the fluff and \"good stuff\" that people can readily see and touch.Sure, hardware isn't sexy and people could care less about it in a tablet, but when the chips are down, it is the critical factor between a good tablet and a terrific one. The Kindle Fire has incredible potential, but it seems that the engineers of the Fire concentrated more on stuffing the device with \"soft\" features, like the Gallery application, rather than paying due diligence to the \"hard\" features which, in the end, have to support everything that the Kindle Fire does.My final observation is thus: Make no mistake, this is a decent tablet. However, I feel that the Kindle Fire, in an effort to reduce costs, has sacrificed too much where its hardware is concerned to meet a nearly impossible price point.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Heavy on features but light on where it counts: Performance and hardware", "unixReviewTime": 1327017600, "reviewTime": "01 20, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A15G6CALF7DDUC", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "GeezingInVA", "helpful": [13, 17], "reviewText": "First impressions are very good for what it's designed to be. Fast. Clear display. Easy registration.Has anyone else noticed how warm the back side gets? Makes even my old clunker laptop seem cool by comparison.Not being able to delete/organize items on the Carousel might be a deal-killer. After only a few hours, my Carousel is already cluttered. Everything (books, web sites, etc.) you touch gets a thumbnail on the Carousel, and it'll be there forever.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Is it a \"Fire\" because it's so warm in your hands?", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A15ZM3XM78HBTD", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 17], "reviewText": "Bought this in the hopes that it would be a replacement for my iPad 2, which I lost.  It just couldn't dowhat I wanted it to do.  The shortcomings were just too many to overcome.  I wanted to avoid comparing it tothe iPad 2 since it's really not a true competitor, but once you've had one it's hard not to do so.I really wanted this Fire to work out too!Here's my list of pros and cons:PROSSmall form factorSeems to be well-built and sturdyAwesome priceNice screen, for the most partCONSChoppy video and out of sync audio, most notably with Netflix appVideo not as sharp and vivid as the iPadScrolling not buttery smooth as it is on iPadLimited storageWi-fi reception not as robust as iPadApp selection not that greatSo I guess I'll just have to wait until I save enough to replace my lost unit.  Bottom line is,don't buy this thinking it can replace an iPad 2.  It won't, and you'll be disappointed.  The Netflixapp was the deal breaker for me, as it was downright horrible, even on my fast home network.  I didn'ttry any other video streaming options on the Fire, so I can't comment on them.If your needs don't go much further than browsing the internet and downloading videos via Amazon, thenthis should work out perfectly for you.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Hoped to replace a lost iPad 2....sadly didn't live up to my expectations", "unixReviewTime": 1322524800, "reviewTime": "11 29, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A19BAAD8H46JSP", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 17], "reviewText": "Pre-ordered the device. Very disappointed that Amazon chose to release this half-baked device. Strongly urge you to not purchase and wait until at least the second or third revision before wasting your money on this hardware and underwhelming ecosystem.- No hardware volume buttons: Adjusting volume/muting requires tapping multiple times to get into the settings menu, after which many apps need to restart from a paused state, taking even more time.- Sleep/wake button in terrible location: The only button on the device is located on the bottom edge. If you set it against you to read then you press the button and turn off the device. You can rotate the screen orientation but.....- Apps don't obey orientation: Many apps don't recognize the screen orientation changes, and only run in the \"up\" position with the power button at the bottom, easy to accidentally press.- Slow interface: Multiple taps required to register common actions, resulting in buttons being pressed too many times once the device finally registers them.- Impossible to go full screen on most apps: Because there's no hardware buttons the device always shows a thin \"settings\" control on one side that you have to use to get back to the control interface. Most apps can never go entirely full screen because of this.- Home screen interface buggy: the cover flow interface on the home screen is really sensitive. Often when you try to launch an item it scrolls instead.- terrible reading experience: It's a Kindle! It should be good at reading! It's nowhere near as nice to use as the e-Ink Kindle devices.- Small selection of Apps: The Amazon App Store has a poor selection and can be difficult to navigate. I already bought Angry Birds on my iPhone, why should I pay $9 again to play it on the Fire, when my iPad gets it \"for free\" off the iPhone purchase?- Misleading: The Facebook icon on the home screen isn't for an app: it's just a link to the Facebook website.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Disappointing, half baked device", "unixReviewTime": 1322006400, "reviewTime": "11 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A19FK2N5WB369B", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 17], "reviewText": "Maybe it's just me, but I don't see a reason to pay an extra $100 (or $50 if you need 3G so badly) for a device that lacks the basic features of the Kindle! I tried reading on the Fire, and I had to stare at my own reflection... which ironically doesn't even happen on the Kindle app on my Android phone. There's no speech-to-text technology, either. It doesn't seem worth it to pay for a few applications and videos at the expense of reading a book without a headache. I'm exchanging it for the Touch; 3G doesn't even allow browsing, I was told - one needs WiFi, anyway.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "The lack of E-ink kills it, plain and simple", "unixReviewTime": 1330128000, "reviewTime": "02 25, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A19FKPJT3VN8WY", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 17], "reviewText": "Here's why I'll be rooting my Fire with Cyanogenmod when its ready:1.  No GMail app allowed by Amazon2.  Can't remove crap I don't need (like the Facebook app) and free up RAM3.  A general desire to have more control over the deviceIts neato and all, but it IS my property, and I'd like to be able to use it how I want.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Why I Will Root My Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1322352000, "reviewTime": "11 27, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1A513XTNQMECJ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 17], "reviewText": "$200 and a long wait, I was really looking forward to my \"poor man's ipad.\" Well it hasn't done anything for me yet. The internet service is a joke - it says it's connected but won't upload anything, so I might as well use my phone or computer. There seems to be a software bug, but it's extremely frustrating to pay so much and wait for a new toy that looked great on amazon but that is no more than a paperweight. Save your money and buy that ipad. I'm returning mine after \"playing\" with it for a day and getting NO results. Dud of the year? Decade? What a waste of a product.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Save Your Money", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1A8PBZ4C4FRJ8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 17], "reviewText": "I have had my Kindle Fire for three days now and consider it a great first effort by Amazon. It has a few kinks, but overall I think it is worth the price and will improve with software updates. As others have stated, this device is great for consuming Amazon content, but my problem is that I already have devices that perform the same or similar functions: Kindle Keyboard, iPhone 4, net-book, mp3 player, XBOX360, Sony PSP, Blu-ray player with Amazon VOD. Granted the iPhone and net-book are the only devices that do everything the Kindle Fire does, but the Fire cannot replace either for me. In fact, although I don't consider myself an Apple fan-boy, my iPhone is the primary reason I am returning my Fire. My iPhone is my constant companion both home and away, plus it does everything that the Fire does. Although the Fire provides a bigger display, I don't want to have to carry two devices that perform the same function on a daily basis.When I ordered the Kindle Fire, I thought I might use it at home to watch Amazon videos.  But why watch a video on a small 7\" screen when I can watch it on a large LCD screen via my Blu-ray player and Amazon VOD. I also thought I might use it to listen to music, but I have my iPhone, MP3 player, and computer for that.  I also thought I might use it to play games, but I have my iPhone, PSP, and XBOX 360 for that. Lastly, I thought I could use it to read e-books, but I have my Kindle Keyboard and iPhone for that. I tried to use the Fire for reading while in bed, but it is just too heavy and not as pleasurable as reading on my Kindle keyboard. I tried to rationalize the Fire because the screen is lighted and allows me to read at night without the light. Well after some thought, I just ordered a lighted Kindle cover from Amazon. So, based on the above, the Fire is not practical to me for my home use.Well, what about travel or when away from home? Well, my iPhone handles that just fine. Plus as I stated earlier, the iPhone allows me to carry just one device. If I am traveling, I normally bring my netbook. My iPhone and netbook satisfy all my personal needs without having to bring a third device. So based on the above, the Fire does not suit me here either.In conclusion, I think the Fire is a great all around device, but in my case, I just have too many other gadgets to justify this device even at the $200 price point. Iphones/smartphones just provide so many capabilities that are duplicated by the Fire. For someone without a smartphone and a lot of other media gadgets, I would highly recommend the Fire if you are a consumer of Amazon media. So basically, I am returning the Fire for the same reason I didn't buy an iPad; I just don't need it right now. However, if I threw all rational reason out the window and decided I wanted a table or other portable device, I would probably drop the extra dollars and get an iPad.---------Update 14 Dec 2012: After spending more time with the Fire, I have increased my rating to four stars and decided to keep it after all. Although I have other gadgets, I have found a place for the Fire. The more I use it, the less I want to use my netbook, laptop, and iPhone. Since there are so many reviews on the Fire about its Pros and Cons, I won't repeat them. All I can say is that for $200, the Fire is definitely worth giving a shot, especially with Amazon's super return policy.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "The Thrill was Gone, but is Back!", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1COP33RSD3FAO", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 17], "reviewText": "I was very disappointed to find out that the Kindle Fire did not have built-in Wi-Fi.  My regular e-reader Kindle does and it is so much simpler and easier to take it where ever you go without the hassle of being at a place with Wi-Fi.  This was a big error on your part.  Sorry.  I did hear that you could buy a box for $50 that would make it wireless.  Is this true?  Andy", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "No built-in WIFI", "unixReviewTime": 1325894400, "reviewTime": "01 7, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A1E2PCC0D9YEMH", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [9, 17], "reviewText": "This fire could have been great but unfortunatley amazon decided to cripple it and not allow access to the android apps market.  There are a lot of great apps that I have on my other android devices that are not available via Amazons app market. If amazon were to fix this I would raise my review to 3 1/2 or 4 stars.Another negative against the fire is the poorly designed power button they placed on the bottom of the device.  It's constantly getting bumped and then a message pops up asking if I would like to power down the device.  They should move the button to the top of the device and make it more difficult to accidently activate.My last gripe is that the software can be slow and unresponsive at times. At times I have to click on a link or app multiple times before it will function as intended.  They will hopefully be able to correct this with a software update.I do enjoy the small form factor which makes it easy to use to.read books using just one hand.  The web brows&egrave;r is pretty good and the screen looks great. Overall I would love this device if they would fix the problems outlined above but as of right now I will likely return it or root it and just run the standard aneroid software on it.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Could be great, but falls short!", "unixReviewTime": 1322870400, "reviewTime": "12 3, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1EY2XZ6SSZIU", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "katlupe", "helpful": [14, 17], "reviewText": "My husband surprised me with my new Kindle Fire two weeks ago! I had no idea, except that I was saving my swagbucks up for one, and the night before I had figured out how long it would take. To at least February, I figured. Now I do not have a mobile phone that has the fancy bells and whistles on it, so I did not have experience with something like this before. I am used to using a computer but that is a whole different concept. We generate our own electric so during the times of low sun we have to be very frugal with our power use. At night, I was using little book lights to read with. That was the main reason I wanted a Kindle Fire, as I saw that it lights up. I had the feeling it would work well for me.I was one of those people who said I liked holding a physical book in my hands. I said I liked having my books to slip in my purse or carry around the house so when I took a break I could read. Well, I do all of those same things with my Kindle! I actually look forward to getting off my computer every night to read! The fact that you can change the brightness of the light has been a big plus for me. I am at an age when my eyesight isn't the best, even with my glasses. So to adjust the font or the brightness of it is so simple. Depending on how my eyes feel that night, I can make the font larger or the light dimmer, whatever I need. Used to be I'd have to stop reading due to the eye strain.......not anymore!When we first got it, my Kindle was connected to my husband's Amazon account because he ordered it. It was very simple to switch to my account. At first I had a little difficulty with the connection as it would not take my password, then all of a sudden, it was connected. So I would say to have patience with that issue as it may just need to be put in a few times for some unknown reason. It was no big deal though.I cannot get over how fast the books download to the kindle! I am used to the slow satellite connection on the computer, so now I feel spoiled. I seem to be able to read books so much faster on it (maybe because I can see!). It is easy to use and gives me so much enjoyment. Plus, I love all those old public domain books I can now read for free. I probably would have never seen any of them.My friend from Facebook (who put the Kindle in my head to begin with) wants one badly, and she asked me what were the three things I liked about my Kindle. And what three things I didn't like about it. I had to really think to find what I did not like. All I could come up with was that I had to charge the battery every  morning. I love everything about it! The price included! It is surprising to me that it has such a low price.Yes, the Kindle Fire has changed my reading habits for the better!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "I Am Addicted To My New Kindle Fire!", "unixReviewTime": 1322870400, "reviewTime": "12 3, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1FJWTNKZN02G6", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 17], "reviewText": "The \"fire\" was received very quickly but I found that because I already had an Amazon Ebook Kindle, all my contents were transferred to the \"fire\".  I had over 75 Contents on the \"fire\" plus a couple more I added.  I tried to delete the Contents on the \"fire\" but could not.  I read and followed the instructions in the manual but still could not delete the Contents from the \"Fire\".  The directions said \"hold down the Content you want to delete, then press the \"delete\" button.  When I did this, I got two options, Transfer to Favorites, and Download.  I could not delete. I emailed Tech Services and got a relatively prompt answer that did not address the issue.  I wrote back telling them \"you did not answer my question\" and restated the problem.  Never received an answer.  I believed the \"fire\" was defective and have returned it for a full refund.  No more \"Fires\"  for me.  I'm too old to be frustated by electronics that don't work according to a instructions in a manual.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Poor Tech service & defective", "unixReviewTime": 1321660800, "reviewTime": "11 19, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1KFIRMZUUPDDJ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 17], "reviewText": "Why... why in the world would Amazon put the name \"Kindle Fire\" logo on the shipping package... TWICE. So, you're ordering Christmas presents from Amazon, and here UPS delivers this nice, well packed little box, addressed to me... with \"Kindle Fire\" screaming out from two sides of the box. Why didn't you just send an email to everyone in my house that I brought one of them a \"Fire\" for Christmas? Has it every occurred to Amazon that a number of different people in the home may get that box, since it was left outside our door. Thanks for ruining the surprise around here. No way you're going to give up advertising possibilities in leu of a MErry Christmas surprise. My rating is for the stupid packaging, not the product. I don't know if the product is good, it's not Christmas yet.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Why put the name \"Kindle Fire\" all over the package at Xmas Time", "unixReviewTime": 1324252800, "reviewTime": "12 19, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1L8D8FE7WTQVB", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Jason T Riffle", "helpful": [13, 17], "reviewText": "For a little bit of background on this review:I am an IT Professional with a little over 10 years experience in the field. Prior to purchasing a Fire I've experimented with several other tablets, Android and iPad. I'd read a lot of negative reviews from trusted sources. The review by Security Now! had me puzzled as Steve Gibson and Leo Laporte had very different experiences with the same tablet. One negative the other positive. So I was hesitant but decided to take the plunge given the price point for this device.I purchased my Kindle Fire from Walmart the second week of its release. Out of the box it was loaded with version 6.1 of the Fire OS which is a heavily modded version of Android. I had copies of several reviews on hand and decided to experiment with several features that people experienced problems with. I was already a Kindle App user on my smartphone so I decided to sync up my library to test the e-reader first. This was amazingly simple after I activated my Kindle Fire the books began to sync automatically. I tested the page turning for books and magazines without any performance issues. (I suspect some users are overly performance oriented) But I saw no lag in page turns beyond what you would see in turning pages in a physical book.Second I tested the notorious power button. It is located on the bottom of the tablet when held in portrait mode, but I've read in bed at my desk and all over the place and never ever \"accidently\" hit the power button putting the tablet to sleep. You have to hold the tablet flush and 90 degrees to your desk or other hard surface to get this to occur with any regularity. Who holds there tabelt that way? Not I.The third item was non-kindle fire apps. I had anticipated a potential root for this to work, but searching through the device settings there is a toggle switch for \"permit third party app installation\" which will allow you to install many apps without modifying your tablet OS or rooting the device. My test app was Dropbox for Andriod. This app is not in the Kindle App store, but you can easily install it from the Dropbox website once the third party app feature is setup correctly. I've done this for several apps that I use without incident. However any apps designed for smartphones will run at the smartphones screen resolution as the app doesn't know you've got all this extra screen real estate. The only downside to that is that some app icons may appear pixelated in the carousel.I have had some minor issues with the touch screen not responding to button presses occasionally, but not often. And the browser hangs on link clicks occasionally also. These are the only two issues I have with the tablet and they will be easily corrected by future software updates from Amazon.This is a great tablet and a great way to consume digital content on the go! Looking forward to future releases and improvements with this device as time goes on!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Many Negative Reviews are False", "unixReviewTime": 1323907200, "reviewTime": "12 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1MHPTUC97WHNQ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [0, 17], "reviewText": "am i to believe that the kindle fire worthless unless i purchase apps from amazon?at this point i am thinking about not even opening the box and returningit immediately.  at 1.99+ for a decent magazine sub. per month, i am concerned.  please shareyour experience. thank you.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "I havent received mine yet! but...", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1NFXOPJ8VKRYT", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 17], "reviewText": "Looks great but that is all - the touch screen works less than 1/2 the time. Would wait until Amazon is able to put a bird in the nice looking cage.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Nice cage, no bird.", "unixReviewTime": 1323907200, "reviewTime": "12 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1NTI62KQZ06JH", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 17], "reviewText": "We purchased the fire for our tween. Loved it so much we bought one for ourselves. If it weren't for this issue, I would have rated higher, but I am VERY DISCOURAGED  with the security against inappropriate  book title and cover. It is very discouraging that we have to disable wifi ability and in doing so, our tween can't search book titles because of our concern for the inappropriate books they have to offer. If they would update and resolve this issue,  I would rate it 5 stars. We would spend more money if they fixed this because our tween wouldn't be so isolated from searching.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "not secure for children", "unixReviewTime": 1324252800, "reviewTime": "12 19, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1QEYDRNTI4DCP", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 17], "reviewText": "I HATE the KINDLE FIRE!!! It always freezes and shuts off. There are NO apps to edit pictures and I really wish I WOULDN'T have received it for Christmas. I could have gotten something waaaaaaay more useful.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "KINDLE FIRE SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!", "unixReviewTime": 1336435200, "reviewTime": "05 8, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A1QFQEN71F59RI", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 17], "reviewText": "As many other reviewers have noted - there are some serious issues with the fire.1) It comes pre-configured to your Amazon account.  There is no way to force a password\\login to your Amazon account - so anyone that picks it up can immediately start buying things.2) There is no screen lock, so you can't prevent anyone that picks it up from doing the above or seeing whatever media\\books you've been enjoying.3) It gets hot after a fairly short amount of use.4) No access to Android market or basic Google apps.  Admittedly, I knew this before I got it - but still highly annoying.5) It's too bright when reading in bed at lowest setting.6) Lots of short-cuts on components.  While each 1 is not necessarily a big deal - adding them all up makes the product feel incomplete.7) Some web sites aren't expecting this device, and get into endless loop of errors.  This isn't necessarily Amazon's fault, but it means I can't use it for a favorite site.8) If you've used a previous e-book reader (Nook or Kindle), you won't be prepared for the weight of this.  It quickly becomes heavy - and no way you can do 1 handed reading for very long.Returned it.  We were excited to get one, but 6 hours of use had already used up all our goodwill.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "I don't hate it, but NOT a good product", "unixReviewTime": 1322006400, "reviewTime": "11 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1QQZWIOTPV9XU", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 17], "reviewText": "I opened the Kindle Fire the day I received it to make sure it was working properly, as it was a Christmas gift for my Daughter. I am sure glad I did. I returned it via UPS the next day.It immediately did not work correctly from the moment it was turned on!It froze on the Kindle Fire screen (tried multiple reboots of the system)When I did get to unlock it (for less than a minutes time) it flashed \"Damaged internal Memory\" and shut down again. At this point I knew it was a Lemon, and I called Amazon to return the item.I opted to Return and Not Exchange, as they could not guarantee the replacement would be a NEW Kindle, and not a Refurbished item.I don't know if I should try another fire, or get the New Nook tablet....*ZERO STARS*", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "It was a Lemon!", "unixReviewTime": 1323043200, "reviewTime": "12 5, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1UI9H2IUA6T4Q", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 17], "reviewText": "1)  If you receive your Kindle as a gift, you may be in for trouble as it will be registered to the gift giver, not to you. That is what happened to me.  There was no warning in my box and, of course, the buyer never should have been able to click that final button to send it to me because Amazon knew I could not possible use the Kindle. How stupid!  If you get the Kindle as a gift, you will need to contact the gift giver and have them \"de-register\" and then you will be able to register.2)  I finally was able to register but now the Kindle is unable to \"contact the registration server\" and the Kindle is totally non-functional.  Tech support says they will get back to me within two days and that they are experiencing many problems.Be prepared for intense frustration.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Exasperating problems.  Still won't work  --  at all!!", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1WAELWAAE7U3H", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Mom of 3 \"Moni\"", "helpful": [13, 17], "reviewText": "For adults only  I bought this for my 16 year old to be a Christmas present.  I returned it because when purchased if you do not mark gift it will be tied to buyers account and credit card.  To be activated it must be tied to a credit card account.  There are no browsing parental controls and it bypasses home wifi controls.  Purchases can be made with a single touch, no password needed, no warning that you are making a purchase.  My 4 year old uses an iPad  and there is no problem with any of these issues.  Sent it back and bought an android tablet.  I did buy a Kindle touch for my 14 year old.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Buyer beware", "unixReviewTime": 1323561600, "reviewTime": "12 11, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A22RE5FHXJFMHU", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 17], "reviewText": "Edit - added 2 pros - no bloatware and sideloading is easy.  These 2 pros change my rating from 1 star to 3 stars because they are pretty big items to me.  Bloatware was a huge annoyance on my droid phone (I don't have any bloatware on my phone now, I think you can guess how I fixed that), and being able to easily sideload apps really makes the Fire useful as a tablet.  Also, an update on my local newspaper (Columbus Dispatch) issue, Amazon said it's up to the newspaper to allow it to be on the Fire, so I've contacted the Dispatch about it, hopefully it will be available soon, and I've removed that as a con since it's not Amazon's fault.Pros:- price- screen looks nice- no bloatware- sideloading is easyCons:- no facebook app (ads make it look like there is, but it's just a link to the mobile web page)- no gmail app (Fire email app works with gmail, but gmail app has more gmail features)- no usatoday app (it's available as a newspaper, which is ok, i still prefer the droid app though)- many apps in the store don't work on the fire- can't move my Amazon-bought mp3s to cloud because i don't use windows or mac on my pc (i use linux)- pre-ordered 6 weeks in advance, got it 5 days after people that went to walmart- device stops responding for several seconds at a time- browser incredibly slow going between pages, assume this will be fixed later- magazines i want aren't allowed on fire unless you already buy paper version (why look at electronic version if I have the paper version?).  I suspect this is a problem with the magazine company, not AmazonBottom line for me:  The fire is decent as a book reader (has the usual backlit-vs-e ink comparisons), has some very interesting features with interactive magazines, is a decent tablet if you don't mind sideloading apps.  I think it will be a very good device within the next year as more content is made for it natively, making sideloading unnecessary.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "edited - changed from 1 star to 3 stars as I used it more", "unixReviewTime": 1321747200, "reviewTime": "11 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A22Y0JKNV0DE7T", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 17], "reviewText": "I own an IPAD, IPAD2 Kindle 3g/wifi, and Kindle Fire.  I in no way expected this to replace the IPAD, Laptop or desktop. I just wanted a portable media device that was reliable.  Don't get me wrong the Kindle Fire is a decent product but FAILs in several very important areas.  Fist off, if you call this a media device, PLEASE PLEASE give me a physical VOLUME CONTROL (seriously, you guys decided to leave this out because??!). This is the most annoying feature for me todate.  Secondly,  If you aren't going to provide us with an option to get more physical storage space atleast allow the USB/software to be compatible to external storage devices. I think all this takes is a program/player that supports common media files.  Lastly, your apps and video streaming market is pretty crappy. I am in no hurry but when i get a product I hope that the company is ready for me. I don't want to wait for new updates or wait for you to get more content. At this point, i feel rooting this thing is the best option. I kinda feel scammed by purchasing this device. It requires you to spend spend spend to get the full capabilities out of it. If you don't sign up for prime, you basically bought a $200 brick. Ok, that was a bit harsh but i totally expect more from this product.  Been using it for 1 week, it has been turned into a Pandora streaming unit for music in my clinic.  At this point, with what it has, i feel like i wasted my money and should of gotten another tablet that doesn't have all these user restrictions that you need to pay money to get past. Pay for cloud storage, pay for streaming, etc etc etc...bad start to a potentially great product.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "mediocre product by Great Company", "unixReviewTime": 1321920000, "reviewTime": "11 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A233XU0K3CQOPK", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 17], "reviewText": "magazine: although the full color is what caught my eye, the screen is just too small to handle a magazine page. font is tiny and ends up blurring together.books: i did purchase one book, it looked great, but i expected more from a \"tablet\" than a glorified \"e-reader\"recent history: want to set up your home screen? you cant. it just shows the recent history.Owner's kindle: i truly despise how it says your name's kindle at the top, i am a married woman and share it with my husband. it is ours. not a fan of that at all.wifi: wifi was very easy to set up although my browsing experience was less than desirable. pages load very slow, are never quite zoomed right and remain in a \"loading\" state for far too long after the page is 99% loaded.music: i tried several times to load my music from pc to my kindle and it never allowed me to.I feel as though the kindle is just a hyped up shopping device. the easiest thing about it is shopping on amazon.NO camera: what tablet has NO camera? no mic. no external volume control. horribly placed power button. I got it saturday and will be returning it tomorrow. its just not at all what i expected. for those who say it is a iPad killer are mistaken. I personally am not a fan of apple products, but even i know, this is no comparison to the iPad.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "not quite up to par", "unixReviewTime": 1323648000, "reviewTime": "12 12, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A258J1LLXM4AMR", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 17], "reviewText": "You can't compare this device to the iPad. As far as being refined and fast, the iPad wins. The kindle fire is great for consuming Amazon's services, but even then it needs some help in being more user friendly.EDIT: I've been challenged that the Kindle Fire isn't trying to compete with the iPad. If that's the case, then how come when you search for \"iPad\" on Amazon, the first hit is \"Compare iPad vs Kindle Fire\"?Link:[...]", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "iPad killer? Not quite.", "unixReviewTime": 1322697600, "reviewTime": "12 1, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A267FU71Z01CIH", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Kippoe \"Kipp Poe Speicher\"", "helpful": [14, 17], "reviewText": "I'm very impressed with the Kindle FIre, I was so thrilled when i heard about the price of it. Since 2009 I have been a True Kindle fan, it has changed my life of the way I read, and now we have the Kindle Fire that will also change the way I listen to music and watch films, and TV programing.Lets start with the video. Wow Hulu+ looks and works great on this, I have it on my PS3 also and it is really buggy on the PS3 but on the Kindle no problems at all. Great picture and sound and easy to navigate. Netflix seems to run very well also other than every once in a while you hear a slight click in the audio. As for Amazon Streaming video it is where this Machine really shines. With a free month of Prime you get plenty of films and TV shows to watch for Free. With a click of the button within seconds you have the movie in amazing clarity and sound in the palm of your hand. Super Troopers was the first movie i watched and was a lot of fun, nice to be able to stop it at any point and then start it right back up where you left off. A nice feature is having it in your carousel so all you have to do is press on it to resume the playback. Side loading video from you own collection is very easy also just plug in the USB to you computer just drag and drop.Music: What can I say but yes i'm in heaven with Amazon and their cloud service I think it was April when they announced  the whole cloud service for music and then they offered unlimited cloud service and thats all it took. I have an obsession for music and have a failing hard drive with over 200 Gigs of music from my collection. So since May I have been uploading my entire music collection to Amazon Cloud and now with a Wifi connection I have all the music at my finger tips with the Kindle Fire. If i'm going to be on the road I can easily hit a button and zoom the music is downloaded to the Fire.Yes it is a dream come true. The ease of just popping on over to the store while listing to the music is all right there.Apps: Along with Amazon's mention of the cloud service they also gave us an app store with a FREE app of the day that I usually start my day checking out and purchasing since the opening just to have plenty of Apps to go with the then rumored Kindle Tablet. Well the day is here and I have plenty of Apps to play with on the Fire. Games, utilities, art programs. they all run great on the Kindle Fire. I also have a Dell Streak tablet and the apps on it are so so sometimes it works other times it just sits there. The Kindle Fire always boots them up and your on your way.Web: It is nice to sit on the couch or at the kitchen table and surf the web, It seems very quick and easy to me I enjoy it just sometime I forget the ability is there right on the Fire.Books: Well here we go back in 2009 i purchased my first Kindle 2 and instantly became a true addict to reading again. Having Dyslexia reading has always been so hard and it took me forever to read a Dead Tree book but then the Kindle came out with the ability to adjust the type size and the line spacing and it was like being reborn I was able to finally read without using my finger following each and every word. Now with the Fire not only do you have the ability to adjust the txt, We also get to be immersed in full color graphics and photos. Reading on the Fire is also a lot of fun with a tap of the finger you can read the definition of a word with in seconds. If thats not enough you can link it right to Google of Wikipedia and explore more.I just love going to the book shelf section and enjoying all the cover art of the books. Your done with a book you are just a tap away from browsing the Amazon Kindle store. The ease of syncing up across all of you Kindle's is just another amazing way Amazon has changed the way we read and enjoy all other forms of media. Sure there a few flaws but it all can be fixed in a firmware update. I hope they put the Twitter posting capability in the reading app into the Fire OS along with the ability to see popular highlights. But those are a few minor things.I hear from others that the battery life is not up to what the iPad offers? I have no problems with the battery life, consider you can buy two Kindle Fires and still save a $100 over the iPad price and then get 14 hours of battery life. I love my eInk display but the Fire is also another great way to read and have all your media at your finger tips.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Great value and reliable Gateway to all your Media", "unixReviewTime": 1321660800, "reviewTime": "11 19, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A290GZQ84UZQ5H", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 17], "reviewText": "I got this Kindle Fire from Target today and flew home (Guatemala)Basically, DO NOT GET THIS IF YOU LIVE OUTSIDE U.S.Amazon Prime Streaming DOES NOT WORK OUTSIDE U.S.Cloud player DOES NOT WORK OUTSIDE U.S.APPS cannot be purchased (even free apps cannot be downloaded) WITHOUT U.S. CREDIT CARDOverall, this was a total waste of money for me.KINDLE FIRE should have a BIG sticker on the box saying (FOR USE in U.S.A. ONLY)", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "International buyers BE AWARE!!!", "unixReviewTime": 1329868800, "reviewTime": "02 22, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A2ALHQCDAFMELZ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Honest John", "helpful": [12, 17], "reviewText": "I rarely seek to be first with new technology, but after owning two Kindles I thought that Amazon would only release a great \"finished\" product.  Instead, I got what seems to be the equivalent of a Beta version with lots of potential and lots of problems.  Other reviewers have discussed these (difficulty reading in bright light, even with \"anti-glare\" screen protectors, a touchscreen that may or may not be working--who can tell?, etc.)  My advice would be if you want a reader, there are better options both within Amazon and elsewhere.  If you want a great multimedia device, wait for the next version.  This one is too slow, has too little memory, and needs too many fixes to be enjoyable.  Mine is be boxed up and returned this weekend.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "I Should Have Waited!", "unixReviewTime": 1322784000, "reviewTime": "12 2, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2B661A9GMDIS2", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 17], "reviewText": "The display is too tiresome one the eyes for an ebook (think reading a book on your computers LCD display).Too small, slow, and limited to be a tablet.Without swype or voice recognition, it takes forever to type emails.Cannot handle video or show content heavy websites.App store is limited with too many broken apps.No alternative browser in app store.Built in browser tracks all your actions.pretty display.Buy a proper kindle or an ipad instead.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "lousy as an ebook, worse as a tablet", "unixReviewTime": 1324857600, "reviewTime": "12 26, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2BVL28Z6EKK50", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 17], "reviewText": "I don't have time for this - received the Kindle and could not register it (I've never used a Wifi connection nor do I know a \"password\" for one either!).  I returned mine and get a refund.I should have waited and read reviews BEFORE ordering.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Can't register and no user manual", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2D8EHRN8201ZL", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 17], "reviewText": "Got the Kindle Fire today. This thing is heavier than my netbook! Also, whoever put the power button on the bottom - DUMB. I accidentally turned it off 3 times in less than an hour. Great screen clarity and sound, but it does nothing I can't do on my Android phone just as easily. The Silk browser frankly not that fast to me. Overall just not worth the money to me.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Meh.", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2FSAGS4JIXXR", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 17], "reviewText": "I am sure that my Kindle Fire that I recieved as a gift for Christmas is super cool, but I wouldn't know, because I can't use it.  I access internet through a wireless card attached to my computer - I do not have Wi-Fi in my house.  Therefore, instead of curling up on my couch on Christmas evening and setting up my Kindle Fire, I have to go to Starbucks, or an internet cafe or something and get this thing set up.  You would think there would be an option to connect it to your computer or something, but no.  Only way it works is though wi-fi.For future, Amazon, I would at least give an option to connect it to your computer for set up.  Folks without wi-fi are just S.O.L., I guess.Anyone:  If I'm missing something, here, please let me know?", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "DO NOT BUY IF YOU DO NOT HAVE WI-FI!!!", "unixReviewTime": 1324857600, "reviewTime": "12 26, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2G81TMIOIDEQQ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Your Future Ex Husband \"Vader Was Framed!\"", "helpful": [14, 17], "reviewText": "If you bought this without first doing research then it's not Amazon's fault.  They have plainly noted that this is a Kindle and not a full blown tablet like the iPad 2.  If you think of this as a Kindle that can use apps then it's worth every penny.  I'm so tired of people saying this product is failing because it's not an iPad.  There was a news story on USA Today about this very forum and listed a couple bad reviews.  It's very ignorant of them, and anyone else that has off the wall complaints about this device.  Take your idiot hats off and stop being stupid.  This unit does NOT heat up on a normal basis.  This unit's on/off key is NOT in a spot where you should hold it.  The touch screen is NOT as responsive as the iPads but it's not meant to be.  It's not a tablet, it's a freakin' Ereader.  You can't produce anything from this product, think of it as a Sears Catalog for Amazon and you will be happy with your purchase.  Common sense in the 1 star sector set me off, sorry.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Some of you people are complete idiots.", "unixReviewTime": 1323907200, "reviewTime": "12 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2GUE4CHT8YM5P", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 17], "reviewText": "This device has been a misery since I purchased it for my daughter.  Almost every video I put on the Kindle is corrupted and won't play.  I have tried various ways to get these videos on the Kindle and they all won't play or even move over properly.I am waiting for the new Ipad to come out so I can get her something that works properly and scrap this piece of junk.Very unhappy with this item.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "The Kindle is an awful - very user unfriendly device", "unixReviewTime": 1325980800, "reviewTime": "01 8, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A2HX10ZCCQWV95", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 17], "reviewText": "I wasnt sure whether i wanted a kindle fire or a nook, but i ended up getting the kindle fire.  I opened the box, turned it on, and played with it for a bit. it wasnt as fast as i'd hoped, but for the price, what the hell?  anyway, after 5 minutes, it froze.  I held down the power button to restart it and it turned off.  I then tried to turn it back on and it wouldnt.  I checked the forums and apparently this is a very common problem.  I tried resetting the kindle by holding down the power button for different amounts of time and nothing.  2 days later, i pressed the power button and it turned on but is frozen with a black screen that says kindle fire.  cant do anything on it.  I didnt expect this to be perfect, but seriously? buyer beware! buy a nook instead.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "worked for 5 minutes, froze, never turned on again or charged", "unixReviewTime": 1333065600, "reviewTime": "03 30, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A2N5PTI7QRP485", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 17], "reviewText": "Without consistent wifi connectivity, it is just a paperweight.  Other than the wifi problem, it is a nice device.  I hope they can fix this problem.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Wi-fi does not work", "unixReviewTime": 1323388800, "reviewTime": "12 9, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2NZDEMEP3LW0Q", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 17], "reviewText": "This thing is really nothing more than a hand held game console.If you want to do any serious computing or communicating the Fire is nothing but a toy.Mine is already on the way back", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Buy something else", "unixReviewTime": 1326240000, "reviewTime": "01 11, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A2O3PJ2PL9NLZU", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 17], "reviewText": "I really, really wanted to like the Kindle Fire, but have been very disappointed. The good part is the size, much bigger than a smartphone but easier to carry than a tablet computer.  That's really the end of the good news, if you live outside the US or travel outside the US frequently.  I find the software to be slow and getting slower.  The touch screen does not have the kind of precision that I am used to from Apple products.  You can read, but not well, in sunlight, it gets a strong glare and you end up starring at your own reflection.  I bought a magazine subscription and twice in two months it mysteriously self-canceled.  I contact customer support and they re-activate it, but that's a pain.  You can't download ANY of the video content outside the US.  This is really disappointing because the screen looks good (it was obviously made for video not books).  And since most of the content is available to stream only, even if you live in the US but travel frequently, you might as well forget about it.  I'm glad it was only $200 because it's fairly useless to me.  Maybe if you live in the US and don't often leave, this product might work better for you.  If you live abroad, forget about it.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Does NOT work outside US", "unixReviewTime": 1331078400, "reviewTime": "03 7, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A2RGX7RF7JH9K9", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 17], "reviewText": "Kindle Fire will not connect to my wifi network. I've talked with Amazon tech support and they are stumped. My ISP provider says it's not their fault. The device worked on another wifi but not in my home. I have no choice but to send this piece of junk back.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Huge disappointment", "unixReviewTime": 1325116800, "reviewTime": "12 29, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2RUR2Y3N1YZZG", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 17], "reviewText": "Updated as of 1/13/12--After buying 2 IPAD's for XMAS (with rave reviews from the recipients), I decided to return my Kindle Fire today for a refund (you have until 1/31/12 if purchased from November onward).  Since, I can get my Kindle library to display on an IPAD and since surfing the web and streaming movies/television shows is so sloooowwwww on my Kindle Fire, I have no use for it. It has been sitting next to me since before the holidays and that to me is a sign that it is too annoying to use on a regular basis (otherwise, I would use it as I use my iphone--multiple times per day).  For that reason, I decided to pay the extra money and get the extra features of an ipad.Original Review--We have 4 Kindle's in our family and have always had nothing but positive comments about our Kindles.  So, I naturally was one of the first to receive a Kindle Fire in mid-November and I've started to use the device in the past week.  I'm very disappointed overall and thank goodness I didn't buy more of them. Instead, I plan to buy 2 IPAD's for my sons in college for holiday gifts, and since I will be \"broke\" after that, I will limp along with my Kindle Fire and figure out how to get by with its numerous problems in an attempt to find its benefits.  Just so you know whether I am one of those \"hard to please\" consumers, I love my Iphone--it's benefits far outweigh any complaints.  I would give a 5 star rating to my Iphone.  So, it is with great sadness as a Kindle lover, that I complain about the new Kindle Fire.I plan to keep updating this review as I either find more problems or figure out workarounds.Here are my initial comments:1) It's no substitute for a regular Kindle because the battery runs out too quickly.  So, I will continue to bring along my regular Kindle for vacations when I don't want to worry about recharging the battery.  The color display is quite attractive, but that seems to be the only benefit I've enjoyed so far. I'm not convinced yet that I even like reading books more on the Fire than on the regular Kindle.  The Kindle is a \"battle tested\" device with predictable results upon usage; the Fire is simply a beta release not ready for prime time and we are the beta testers!2) Perhaps I have a flawed device that needs to be returned (but others have this complaint too), but when I surf the web via google and attempt to click on links that display, often nothing, absolutely nothing happens. The touchscreen seems flawed--sometimes the link clicks through but most often it does not.3) I have a pair of Bose headphones (both the small and the large).  The small ones (like earbuds) that work so well with my Iphone, don't work at all with my Kindle Fire....sigh....The large ones that cover my ears seem to work but the volume on the Kindle Fire seems very low. (I had a television show to its maximum volume and if I did that on my iphone, I would be deaf.4) I tried to stream a \"free\" (amazon prime member) television show while sitting at an airport waiting for a flight.  The program had to stop every 10 seconds and \"load\"--my reaction--they must be joking to think they are offering me something for \"free\" that is usable--it's quite unusable.So, I paid the $9.99 to get the entire season \"downloaded\" to my Kindle Fire.  Little did I know that a download for each episode seems to take about as long as watching each episode.  So, if you purchase a season of a television show with 9 hours of programming, expect 9 hours of download time as you sit and wait for it to download on a public network (like an airport).5) The ergonomics of the navigation around the Kindle is not enjoyable.  Certainly not like my Iphone.  It's neither intuitive nor seamless.  Too many times when I am in the middle of trying to do something, I'll end up on another screen unintentionally.I'm going to keep working out the bugs because I have no choice, but if you are honestly debating between an IPAD and Kindle Fire, and you can afford to treat yourself to the IPAD, then its no contest.  If you are buying a gift and it's for someone that you really want to make happy, don't get them a Kindle Fire unless they are the type of person willing to spend hours tinkering with a product until they figure out how to get around the weaknesses and flaws.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Love My Kindle; Hate my Kindle Fire; Returning My Kindle Fire; I want an IPAD", "unixReviewTime": 1323993600, "reviewTime": "12 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2SYD238LDLYL3", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Sophia", "helpful": [15, 17], "reviewText": "I know, you're probably sick of hearing about this being compared to the iPad. But I was confused before I purchased this, due to all the weird reviews. I'd heard that this is NOT an iPad, it's not as nice as an iPad, and you can't do as much on this as an iPad. Well... duh. This is only $200, where the iPad will cost you $500 at the very least. Some reviews praised the Kindle Fire, while others said it was simply a cheap tablet.Let me start by saying- I own an iPad, and it's absolutely lovely. It really is. It's a wonderful little device. However, it's sort of completely unnecessary for me. I have a computer, and I have an iPhone. I'm pretty much attached to my phone, so the iPad was sort of... pointless. (It is, after all, just a giant iPhone.) There's hundreds of thousands of apps available. Out of those hundreds of thousands, I probably used... 10.Which leads us to the Kindle Fire. I'm not looking for a notebook/desktop replacement. I want a nice portable device that I can comfortably watch Netflix on, read books, and play a few games. This is that device.In the Amazon App Store, there are PLENTY of games for the average user. All of my favorite iPad apps were available on here. The internet browser is just as good as the one on the iPad. Everything here is just as good as the iPad, it's simply a more limited version when it comes to the amount of apps available. The first thing that came to mind when I started playing around with it was that it was a Lite version of Apple's device, which is perfect for most people.A lot of people noted that there's no camera on the Kinde Fire, and my response is \"Who cares?\"We all have mobile phones, and we all have actual cameras. I don't need my tablet to be able to take pictures. In my opinion, they're way too big to be your go-to camera anyway.I can honestly say the only things I don't really like about the Kindle Fire (and it's a short list) are:-The touch screen isn't nearly as buttery and \"flowy\" as that on the iPad, but that's to be expected. Not a huge deal. If you've never been on an iPad, you're not going to notice at all.-You can't customize the \"desktop\" area. It's just grey. Ho hum. Again, not a big deal. I'm simply obsessed with customization of that sort of stuff.-You cannot hand this device to anyone that you don't trust with your life, because they can very easily start buying stuff from Amazon on your account. There really needs to be a password or a way to disable one-click ordering on the actual Amazon site.-The carousel. It's a nice idea, but you can't delete anything from it. It's just there. Always. Call me crazy, but I really value my online privacy.Simply put, if you want the iPad experience, but you don't feel like spending nearly $1,000 (add a couple hundred more and you could get a really nice computer) on a tablet, get this. I'm really enjoying it, and I'm not missing much at all. Unless you're a hardcore Apple fanatic, you'll be more than satisfied with the Kindle Fire. For $200, it's a great investment.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "iPad Lite", "unixReviewTime": 1322352000, "reviewTime": "11 27, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2SZOINXMKBTMS", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 17], "reviewText": "This is not the greatest review, but I would highly recommend getting your hands on one  of these and trying it before buying.  My initial reaction -- I don't care for it.  heavy and hard to hold (slick), relatively slow and erratic web browser, short battery life, can't manage or get the apps I want, videos drag even with fast connection, unit locks up for no reason.  This unit is way too Amazon-centic. I will return.P.S. Why does the demo unit in Best Buy have Auto Brightness with a sensor on the face of the unit and my unit lacks this capability?", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Less than what I expected...", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2U5W3JGM0YG61", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Donna Wolff", "helpful": [12, 17], "reviewText": "I've read all of the reviews and also loved my Kindle Fire when I got it on November 16th, one of the first.  It worked great for almost a month then a gremlin entered it.  I couldn't get to books that I had purchased and downloaded onto the Kindle not even sitting in the Cloud.  Then the thing locked up, I went through the turning it off and rebooting all the things they tell you when you call and it still wouldnt come back on.  Two days later it started working again all on it's own freaky.  I'm in the middle of a book, turn it off for the night and to recharge and the next morning the book is gone and I can't get it back no matter what.  So I'm getting ready to go on vacation and really want my Kindle talk to customer service and they are very nice say they will ship it overnight because I am leaving in 2 days, this is on a Friday, what they neglected to tell me was that they do not ship on the weekends so my Kindle wouldn't have been there Monday anyway.  I'm going to give this thing one more try since I was so happy with my other Kindle and I'm hoping they have worked out the bugs on the one I recieve.  I just think sometimes people review a product too soon after receiving the product.  I see where alot of people had this thing lock up right out of the box so you know there is a problem somewhere", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Write a review after you have used the fire for awhile", "unixReviewTime": 1324857600, "reviewTime": "12 26, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2URYJ32L7Z19D", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 17], "reviewText": "I have had this duel left thumb product for a month. It has proven frustratingly \"user unfriendly\" and cumbersome. It has too small a screen to be useful as anything but a video viewer for a modern day cyber raised child (as in video used as babysitter). The keyboard is far too small and not nearly as good at understanding your intended input as an Apple product. The screen is too small and has TOO MUCH GLARE for me to ever consider using it as an e-reader. The screen often freezes and won't respond to repeated taps and touches. There is no password protection, thus allowing anyone who picks up the device to order at will from your Amazon account.It was very thoughtfully given to me as a gift, which means I can't return it, can't ceremonially throw (or give) this piece of garbage away, and have to act as though I like it when asked by the gift giver. It is destined to clutter a drawer along with the extra garage door opener, various keys to unknown locks, miscellaneous connecting power cords, and a pile of foreign coins.Steve Jobs said he would never offer a tablet of this size because it is inherently non user-friendly and lacks the necessary scale for seamless human interface. Once again Steve Jobs was right, where electronic design is concerned.The words \"nearly useless and very annoying\" sum it up for me.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "A gift not worth receiving.", "unixReviewTime": 1326067200, "reviewTime": "01 9, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A2UXFP4ILFYZPJ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [9, 17], "reviewText": "I bought this a gift for our child only to find out that in order to protect my credit card information with amazon I need to delete it from my amazon account or she or anyone who gets a hold of it will be able to shop on my dime.  this stinks. the only option i was given by amazon was shut off the wifi or deactivate my card.  Looks like this is a return.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "terrible", "unixReviewTime": 1323561600, "reviewTime": "12 11, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2VACQSB41GETX", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 17], "reviewText": "Good:CheapBad:Resolution is not that great for reading.  Really bad for reading on the web.No MicrophoneKludgy Operating SystemGoogle Gmail does NOT work with web acceleration on.No google apps for android.Bulky... although lighter then iPad, *feels* heavier due to weight distribution.Sometimes does not turn on.Touch screen often takes multiple taps to respond.Returning mine.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Good for the price, but lacking some key concepts", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2WFC7M5AF13J1", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 17], "reviewText": "If you live outside the US, don't even bother reading about this device. All services are US only so you'll be basically buying a $199 Kindle Color.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "A Beautiful Device, Married to the US Market", "unixReviewTime": 1322611200, "reviewTime": "11 30, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2YWJMKS8NDDLZ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 17], "reviewText": "Why doesn't this item come with some instructions??  I really need some help and you would think with the price of it, it would have a booklet that comes with device.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Help!", "unixReviewTime": 1323216000, "reviewTime": "12 7, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2ZUW6BF6A240P", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 17], "reviewText": "I have never owned a Kindle before and the Fire is everything I had hoped for. The Fire is fast, intuitive, has great features, and does everything I need it to do. No it's not an iPad killer and I didn't expect it to be, however it is more then I was expecting.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "The fire is everything I had hoped for.", "unixReviewTime": 1321660800, "reviewTime": "11 19, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A342E5NEGALXQG", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 17], "reviewText": "I bought a Fire for my sister and used it for a while to try and download a video from a web site. It is very hard to use with web sites. It keeps jumping back. It's so small to read that you have to keep hitting the + but a lot of times after hitting the plus is jumps right back to smaller size. Trying to enter information into forms is ridiculous because of the small size. And if you enter the wrong thing it gets stuck with the wrong info.HERE ARE SUGGESTIONS FOR Kindle Fire 2.0- For file downloads include a status bar so you know how far along it is.- Include a micro USB cable so you can connect it to your PC.- Add a file manager app or something so you can see all your files/folders including the cloud.- Allow you to store a limited amount of \"other\" files on the cloud. Currently, you can only store videos, etc. on the cloud that you have purchased from Amazon.- Add a SD card slot so people can use their own videos, files, etc. without running out of space.- Add a fold out prop stand.- Somehow improve on the web software. Right now, it's hard to use.UPDATE: This was a gift to my sister and after 3 weeks she absolutely loves it so I've changed my rating from 1 to 4 stars.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Unfriendly Web Access but...", "unixReviewTime": 1322006400, "reviewTime": "11 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A34GG3BMM51B7C", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 17], "reviewText": "After days of trying to get my alleged free prime book, and spending hours reading help page, which was not helpful, searching for \"lending library\" etc, finding the book I wanted to download for free, it goes to a page in which I was offered the privilege of paying $7.99 for the book, as the only choice. Then I contacted kindle customer \"service\", spending hour and half, with two reps, and they finally said it was technical glitch.Yeah but where is my Free membership? Where is my free book?They offer a prime membership, with claimed Free books as incentive to buy fire, but it is waste of time as I have spent days trying to get my free book. Would be whole lot easier and cheaper to buy one. Don't waste time or money. Very disappointed with kindle, especially its customer service!", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "free prime membership is a scam", "unixReviewTime": 1325203200, "reviewTime": "12 30, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A35MGWCPNPZ9TM", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 17], "reviewText": "I ordered this Kindle Fire as an Christmas gift for my wife. I was disappointed when it arrived. I did not see the link that warns you that the product will ship in it's product packaging. On the sides of the box, it had Kindle Fire written all over it. My wife received the package and placed it on the counter for me. My guess is that she knows what her gift is now. I took the box downstairs to my Basement office and after a while noticed a strong smell that smelt like burnt plastic. I traced the smell down to the Box that the Kindle is packaged in. I opened the box and it appears that there is nothing wrong with the Kindle itself, at least from what I can tell, but there is a strong smell that is either coming from the tablet itself or from the plastic protective sleeve, I can't tell which one yet. I'm hoping that the smell goes away and that it does not have anything to do with the tablet itself. It did power up, but that's as far as I took it. I will wait to give this to my wife until Christmas and if there is anything wrong with it, it will be returned.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire smells like burnt plastic", "unixReviewTime": 1322438400, "reviewTime": "11 28, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A36T6G01O571UF", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "A. Holehouse", "helpful": [14, 17], "reviewText": "I'd never seen the *need* for a tablet - the iPad is shiny and fun, but I already have a netbook at laptop and at $500 it seems too pricey to justify what would essentially be a play thing. I do read a lot of books and scientific articles, however, so the idea of an e-reader really appealed to me, although I'd wanted a colour one (for scientific papers).(Feel free to skip the below paragraph and get to the good stuff).== WHY KINDLE FIRE VS. NOOK TABLET? == (TL/DR -> Amazon as a company is incredible, the Fire's strength is in that backbone)I'd been totally unsure about which to get - the Nook has (self-reportedly) better battery life, twice as much RAM, and more (extendable) internal storage. These make it a very strong product, and I like B&N; to boot. But, the Nook has B&N;, the Fire has Amazon. Amazon's domination in both the internet retail and internet service sector (for those less technically oriented, Amazon Web Services has become an immensely popular and powerful web platform for businesses and academia alike) is genuinely remarkable, and they continued march towards the future based on long term forward thinking which has taken the company from strength to strength through some of the most difficult financial terrain in decades. Both tablets' power ultimately comes from what content is available for it and how easy it is to load, and I far more faith in Amazon being able to maintain and grow that content backbone in a scalable manner because of their internet expertise compared to Barnes and Noble. Amazon do internet, B&N; do books - who would you want developing a mass distribution system for digital content? That said, I think B&N; will still very much have a place, and if you want to root your device and make it into a general purpose tablet, go for the Nook, by all means. I wanted a simple, cheap and good quality device for consuming digital content, and by all accounts that is what the Fire offers.== QUICKFIRE OVERVIEW ==After that monster paragraph, I figured a quick overview of the good and bad would be far more useful, so here we go;BUILD QUALITYThe iFixit teardown [...] was good, and in terms of how it feels, it's great. Solid, nice rubber coated backing for better grip, looks and feels great.SCREENLovely, crisp, clear. Brightness is not an issue, touch sensitivity is fantastic, perfect size for reading books, could be slightly bigger but equally I've not had to carry around with me yet and the small size form factor will be a major plus for travel.OSAmazon has totally made Gingerbread (Android 2.3) their own. It works, it's snappy, it looks and feels great, you can SO EASILY go for one content type to another and then *straight back to where you were*. It's brilliant - simple, intuitive and just what 99% of people will want.BATTERYGood so far - I haven't pushed to too hard but used it on and off all day yesterday and it dropped to about 40% (with Wi-Fi on and *really* pushing to get a signal).READINGAwesome. Just so, so good - it's changing the way I read digital content because suddenly there aren't all the distractions of a computer. Pulse (pre-loaded digital content reading and getting app) is great, the .pdf reader is great (though no annotation on the native one, which isn't a huge problem but might be a nice addition). If you're into hard-to-get books you might want to compare the Kindle store to B&N;'s, but honestly they're pretty similar, and any new books will be available in a digital format from now on anyway. Print is dying, but I don't necessarily see it as a bad thing, especially if it helps redirect resources to providing better quality content to more people (e.g. delivery of wireless content is far easier and more eco friendly on a number of levels than print - especially relevant in the developing world).WATCHINGAmazon prime streaming content is *INCREDIBLE*. My bedroom gets really poor signal, but I was able to watch content streaming at crazy high quality with no glitching whatsoever. I'm a programmer, and I do not understand how they got the streaming protocols working so well, but they have. Will almost certainly hop on prime membership after my month expires - it's just a world of TV at your fingertips 24/7. Watching your own content is great as well, but videos sideloaded via USB appear in the \"Gallery\" App, *Not in the \"Videos\", section*. Better codec support would be nice though. I did not buy this device for watching videos on, but I have to say, it's a wonderful plus.WRITINGThe display keyboard is actually surprisingly good - it's very much a consumer device (way more so than the iPad) but you can still write emails and notes. Probably not for writing that big report though. The native eReader software allows you to note and highlight stuff, which works well, and text selection is actually really easy. No bluetooth support means you can't get a separate keyboard, but if you were considering that this is probably not the device you're looking for anyway.APPSHaving not used it extensively yet, it feels hard to judge, but so far most apps you'd expect work well. One highlight would be the Evernote app, which is both visually pleasing and fast. Download and install speeds are snappy - all good here.READING WEIGHTFine for holding up with two hands, though, realistically, probably too heavy for prolonged reading with one.== HIGHLIGHTS ==Software is great, makes reading very easy, video playback is lovely. Feels very snappy whatever you're doing, which was a nice surprise, and the on time from sleep is amazing (as in, instant).== ISSUES ==Nothing major, better video codec support might be nice (only MPEG4 at the moment) though equally if you're buying a device to sideload and watch a tonne of movies on this probably isn't it for other reasons. Also, maybe just me but the mico-USB port seems a little flimsy, and is right next to the sleep button (which I keep hitting when I plug it in or unplug it). I mean, it's hardly a deal breaker, but, to be honest, the product is *that good* that I'm struggling (at this stage) to find things wrong with it.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire - [insert hot/fire/smokin' related pun here]", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A392P34QSBUICZ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Robin Landry \"singer/songwriter\"", "helpful": [14, 17], "reviewText": "I received my Kindle Fire on Wednesday, and by Thursday it wasn't working.  At first I couldn't get onto our home Wifi, though the device itself was working.  I called up customer support, within 2 min, I had a live, easily understood, and very knowledgable woman on the other end the line.We walked through downloading the updates, yes there are already updates, and then my Kindle Fire just laid down to die.  I could see a faint lightening of the screen when I turned it on, but nothing else.  It did get warm, and then I could smell and ozone smell(you learn as a mom raising boys, that this is not a good smell) so I unplugged my machine.The young woman on the other end of the line tried everything she knew how to do, even calling in help from someone who knew more.  But nothing worked.  She then emailed me a mailing label for UPS, so I could ship my Kindle back for free.  She apologized for my Kindle not working, and the promised to have one out as quickly as possible.This call ended at 4:30 pm, Pacific Time.  By 9:30 am, Pacific Time, I had a new Kindle Fire in my hands. One that works perfectly, in fact, with all that it does, my Kindle has exceeded my expectations.I have a Droid, and an Apple computer.  When I travel, I have to take my computer because my Droid, which apparently has no one to call for service, won't let me delete my email, so I can't get any new mail after one day, unless I delete it off my computer.  This makes my Droid only good for phone calls and texts.I bought the Kindle Fire so I could get email(which it does beautifully), rent movies to watch on a plane, read the news, and read books.  This will not replace my first generation Kindle which I love to have by my bedside to read at night, it's more to enhance my phone which is almost worthless.What I really love about my Kindle is the Pulse feature which I had no idea existed.  What Pulse does is gives you 15 different sources of info(news, magazines, website) so you can tailor you news to what you want.I love that I can stream my Netflix instant movies, I can look up who's in the movie on IMBD, I have the internet at my fingertips, and it's small enough to fit in most women's purses.At first I was disappointed that it was only Wifi, but after instantly connecting to Starbucks wifi and our at home, I was sold.  I can always download movies and t.v. shows for watching when I'm not connected.Great product, great service, and as usual, Amazon does an outstanding job of making me happy.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "outstanding support!", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A392JARI5SRFGE", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 17], "reviewText": "when i first looked at the Kindle Fire, it said it had wispersync, so i thought very cool, don't have to be tethered to a WiFi spot...so not true, even to sync you have to be connected to WiFi.Internet is slow and clunky, internet connection some times just cuts out, (that is in my office, and the only device that does it)...so far this has been nothing short of a complete disappointment! I wish i would not have wasted the money...should of saved a little more and went with an iPad.......", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "slow and no 3g such a wast", "unixReviewTime": 1323907200, "reviewTime": "12 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A39FJIM95G77UY", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 17], "reviewText": "i am now on my third kindle fire. the first one would turn it self off when i would try to go to the wifi. now the second one will not charge i have had this one for TWO DAYS. i am so pissed with amazon for making this piece of trash. i spend alot of money at amazon and now am rethinking doing buisness with them. i am so pissed right now. GET IT RIGHT. donot buy this if you want color go with the NOOK at barnes and noble, or stick with the simple kindle. amazon got too fancy too damn fast. SAVE YOUR MONEY", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "big disappointment", "unixReviewTime": 1325376000, "reviewTime": "01 1, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A39ZSWSUON3JMV", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 17], "reviewText": "I actually like the Fire for the money, but if you are getting it for a kid/teen be warned that you MUST have a credit card on file. It doesn't matter how much is in your Amazon account. It's not like iTunes where a balance is all you need. This means that when their Amazon balance runs out they can keep racking up charges on your credit card. Of course, I'm sure this is how Amazon wants it. Uncontrolled spending. Unless you trust them to know when the balance runs out and the credit card begins, or simply don't care how much they charge on your card, this is not for them. My daughter sold her iPod to get the Fire, but now she is selling the Fire and will save up for a used iPad and go back to Apple and iTunes.As far as the Fire, it's not bad. Certainly not an iPad equal. I think the extra $50 for the B&N; Nook Tablet may be a better value for twice the storage, twice the RAM, and a SD slot for up to 32GB more storage. The cloud doesn't matter if you don't have wifi access, so storage IS important. If you really want an iPad class device without paying as much, the ASUS Transformer 10.1\" with Android 3 and 32GB is $399 compared to $599 for the iPad 32GB. Add another 32GB with an SD card.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Not for kids!", "unixReviewTime": 1322352000, "reviewTime": "11 27, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3ABCX4OQ5EV22", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 17], "reviewText": "Bought this item for my wife as a Christmas present and included the Amazon prime membership for a year.  Got a discount to use Amazon's audible service also as I thought she might enjoy it.Today we go to redeem the credits at Amazons Audible service and am told that since the Kindle Fire is registered by her (why wouldn't it be???) then she would have to re-register it under my e-mail address in order to get the free audio books that we have been paying for.Then she goes to use the lending library and borrow a book and now were are told the same thing.  Since I bought the Amazon Prime membership on my e-mail address and the Fire is registered on her e-mail address I would have to re-register the fire under my e-mail address to use the lending library.  On top of that if we re-register the Fire then she will lose all the books she as already purchased.What a JOKE!!BUYER BEWARE!! AMAZON IS AS FRAUDULENT AS IT COMES!!Customer service agent Wayne K. (in Jamaica of course, not in the US) actually called the Fire and IPAD??!!!  Shows how intelligent the $2 and hour help the hire really is.  The he would not provide a phone number for Amazon's Corporate Office.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Don't Buy Amazon is a Rip OFF!!", "unixReviewTime": 1342828800, "reviewTime": "07 21, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A3CDELT3J8E1A8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 17], "reviewText": "Revised Review:I returned the Fire that I reviewed here and bought a Nook Tablet. Although I liked the Nook very much, it had one major problem:  you cannot download movies and tv shows to the Nook via any established method. No one at Nook support will tell you a source of movies that will work, nor will they tell you the hacker software you have to have to make it work. Eventually they will have a video/music for Nook storefront, but not 'til next year sometime. So, it went back to Barnes and Noble and I went next door to Best Buy and bought a second Kindle Fire.I am now convinced that there's bad batches and good batches of the Fire. I'm sure my first one was defective. It had none of the pre-loaded apps, it just wouldn't work well in any area but normal book reading. This newest Fire is TERRIFIC!!!! I've downloaded TV shows and movies, and they have superb quality. A cheap pair of earbuds compensates for the low volume of the speakers. All the pre-loaded apps are there and work perfectly. Angry Birds downloaded quickly and flawlessly. The email was set up almost automatically. I have no trouble hooking to wi-fi anywhere. Oddly enough, even the misplaced power button is better. I haven't accidentally turned it on or off once. I will say that Amazon has a long way to go to make their documentation as well written as the Nook's.I am now a real Kindle Fire (and Angry Birds) addict!Original Review:My first complaint is that we were enticed to pre-order to get to the head of the line, so I did on October 1. Then before mine even shipped, Office Max and Best Buy had them in the store. That's so unfair.I think the promotional information was pretty misleading in other ways too. I expected the Fire to work similarly to my newest generation Kindle. I always downloaded books to my computer then transferred them to the Kindle. I thought other media would work the same way, but it doesn't. I tried downloading a movie and a tv show directly to my computer then to the Fire. Nope, can't do it. I went to the local McDonald's parking lot to connect to their Wi-Fi. It took at least 45 minutes to download National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation movie. The wi-fi disconnected several times, but luckily the download picked up where it left off.Using a web mail site to get my Road Runner e-mail was inconsistent. Sometimes I could connect, sometimes not.The biggest problem is you can rarely tell if the thing is trying to connect to wi-fi, to a web site, to an app, etc. It may just be sitting there doing nothing or it could be trying, you just can rarely tell. I gave up most of the time.The whole purpose for a device like this is to make it portable. I envisioned taking it on trips, planes, cars, etc. Hard to connect to wi-fi in the middle of nowhere. I was able to download Angry Birds and play it pretty steadily from Tennessee all the way back to Ohio before the battery died. But $200 to play Angry Birds and read is a bit steep.Like others have said, I was so excited to get this, and it was so sad when it wasn't as I expected it to be. I suspect that when Amazon actually has a consistently working model, this will be a great device.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Not As Advertised - revised 12/8/11 - big fan now!", "unixReviewTime": 1322265600, "reviewTime": "11 26, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3CSDJ0GO4KB6U", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [11, 17], "reviewText": "I have a third generation Kindle and was planning to buy the Fire, but waited until I could see it \"in the flesh.\" I got lucky because two of my friends just bought tablets. One got the Nook and the other got the Fire. That enabled me to compare them side to side. The Nook won. Here are my observations. (1) The Nook is faster. You can see this in page turns when reading (the Fire is choppy) and when using the web browser. (2) The Nook has a better design. It looks more polished and has volume buttons on the right hand side. To adjust the volume with the Fire, you have to use the software, which requires you to stop what you're doing. Pretty annoying, especially with video. (3) The screen is sharper on the Nook. I observed this with both text and video. (4) The Fire is easier to hold with one hand because it has a boxier design. (5) I read lots of reviews on the Internet before comparing the devices. It seems that many reviewers were dazzled by the Fire's $199 price. Objectively speaking, the Nook Tablet is well worth the extra $50. A subscription to Netflix costs about as much as Amazon Prime, so the price of video streaming is comparable.As someone who has an iTouch, I am spoiled by the iTunes store. The apps that Apple sells are better, more abundant and smoother than the ones I saw on either the Kindle or the Nook. That said, the iPad is bigger than what I want, which is a color ereader that plays video. So I'll be buying the Nook.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Not ready for prime time", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3DH6SJELW37IY", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 17], "reviewText": "If the kindle fire had a hole, I'd make love to it. I'm dissappointed a some of the keyboard functionality, but it's a small price to pay when compared to all the other great features of the kindle. I feel like blowing money on appsnand nooks just to get this baby supped up. Definitely a must own.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "The Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1324598400, "reviewTime": "12 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3GFDM4PHDVI79", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 17], "reviewText": "I love Apple. I'm an Apple fan boy. But, was still hoping the Fire would be some nice competition. So, I bought one for my wife. After a day of use, I remain very unimpressed and disappointed. I am not sure if I will return it, or hold on to it with hopes that Amazon will respond quickly with updates.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Not Ready for Prime Time", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3HL9JPSHOZG7L", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 17], "reviewText": "Save your money folks.  I purchased this for my parents Christmas and am now so frustruated with this horriable product, I am going to send it back to amazon with a jar of petrolium jelly (yeah, so they can do you know what with this).I am a technology nut and have never seen such a lousy electronic product in my life.  The browser takes up to 10 minutes to load a page, facebook works part time and you can not set up a simple POP 3 email without going thru some extreem frustruations.Amazon needs to update their review page with 0 stars, because this device does not deserve even a 1/2 star.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Worst piece of crap invented", "unixReviewTime": 1324080000, "reviewTime": "12 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3IE55R94O6XYQ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 17], "reviewText": "I initially had high hopes. However, the Kindle Fire has been just a disappointing frustrating device to use.  Let me count the ways:1. No external controls.  Not having external volume adjustment is much more annoying than I ever expected. Also, no home external \"home\" button. Most people with cell phones have become very accostume to these features, often taking them for granted. The kindle fire will make u really appreciate the external switches/controls on your phone more.2.WiFi connectivity issues. This is a huge problem for me. It's always a gamble as to whether or not this lousy device will connect properly. This can be absolutley maddening sometimes! Everyone else's devices are connecting just fine, except for your Fire.3. The app store is not the same android market that the cell phones use. It has mearly a water down version of the android app store.4.The sound is incredibly weak.5. No Bluetooth capability.6. No SD slot for memory expansion7.Does not sync accurately to last page read on my kindle touch ereader.Based on my WiFi issues alone, this would be enough for me to not recommend the Fire to anyone. However, you add in the litany of other drawbacks, and I have nothing but disdain for the Kindle Fire. I wish I would have never purchased it!!!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Id like to throw it in the Fire!", "unixReviewTime": 1335571200, "reviewTime": "04 28, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A3JI95R728IWQ4", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 17], "reviewText": "Bought this POS for my wife's Xmas present OK if one doesn't expect too much from a $199 tablet. WEB is SLOOOOOW, no individual timeouts for screen backlight and entering standby. Screen is readily smudged (I do wash my hands regulariy). Carousel is a joke, even with the latest/greatest FW. No ability to create folders for Favorites. Little thought put into how a user might manage the device.THE REAL DEAL KILLER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Plugged the thing in to a \"Audiophile Grade Stereo System\" to listen to internet radio (Pandora) and had it destroy a $800+ amplifier due to a signal to noise ratio of -6 to -10db (that means that there is 2-3x noise versus signal, noise centered at ~400Khz) in addition to a 0.7-0.8V DC offset at the audio output. Obviously Kindle (Aamazon) felt it prudent to invest orders of magnitude more effort into \"Ones Shopping Experience\" than in producing a robust set of hardware/firmware.This piece of junk went back - NEVER AGAIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Eats HI FI Amplifiers", "unixReviewTime": 1327449600, "reviewTime": "01 25, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A3MLVY7EPTA6SU", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 17], "reviewText": "It is CRITICAL that if this is to be a gift, you MUST check the \"This is for a gift\" box before adding to your cart. If you do not, it will automatically brand itself to the purchaser's account information without asking you the first time it is turned on.Likewise if this is intended for anyone or any group besides the ordering account, MAKE SURE YOU CHECK GIFT. This means that if you have any idea about fully charging it up, setting it up, verifying it turns on, making sure it is updated, putting it in a case (it's VERY slippery without a case) before wrapping it as a gift, forget it. Just toss the recipient the parts and tell them to figure it out.I count this aspect of the out-of-box user experience as a huge fail because there is no need for this bit of techno-facism that reeks of old-school Apple. The Fire should have asked who you wanted to register it to or if you want to register before deciding it knew what was best. Even the most Luddite OR novice of recipients can enter their own name and would undoubtedly be grateful for any setup that you performed and validated.The funny part is, if you deregister and then re-register, the fire works as it should, asking who it should be registered to when you turn it on. So it can be done. What I can't figure out is why Amazon didn't keep it simple and do it that way from the start?Use Caution.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Word of Warning When Purchasing As A Gift", "unixReviewTime": 1322352000, "reviewTime": "11 27, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3O8LYYPJVHRRK", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 17], "reviewText": "I bought this Kindle, and I was SUPER excited. When it came in the mail IT WAS BROKEN! I called amazon and they sent me another one, and then I sent back the old one. I messed around with the kindle for awhile and I HATE IT! Way too bulky, and it gave me a headache reading for awhile! IF I COULD GIVE IT ZERO STARS I WOULD! Do not buy this product!!!!!!!!!!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!", "unixReviewTime": 1342742400, "reviewTime": "07 20, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A3RHKH2LLEP827", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 17], "reviewText": "I purchased Kindle Fire to ungarde from old kindle. BAD NEWS you can not read the Kindle Fire outside. In Hawaii download books but can not read unless I stay inside. Even with towel over head still CAN NOT READ. VERY FRUSTRATED Kindle Fire is supposed to have all these new features ONLY PROBLEM can NOT READ THE SCREEN so WHAT GOOD IS IT?????????????", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "does not work in sun light", "unixReviewTime": 1328918400, "reviewTime": "02 11, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A3S807FIABX5P1", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 17], "reviewText": "Why produce a low-priced tablet that appeals to parents and wholly refuse to provide parental controls?  We will be returning this and getting an ipod touch for this reason.  Shame on you, Amazon!", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "No Parental Controls = Bad", "unixReviewTime": 1324857600, "reviewTime": "12 26, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3SAW71FH69F1J", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 17], "reviewText": "I cannot believe the Kindle Fire has no page #'s - I mean how idiotic is that?  I already owned the first Kindle and instantly knew Amazon had blown it.  Need numbers when you teach, and also when you're in book groups.  You realized this in the next version  why wasn't it carried over to the Fire (maybe should rename it \"the kindling Kindle!\")Then I went go into the country where my old Kindle - which had 3G - functioned just fine.  No more.  No internet access where I was - should have stuck with my inexpensive Kindle.  What a total rip-off, Amazon!  I took back those 3 stars I gave you - worth 2 at most.  You need a new engineering team!  Wish I could send it back!", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Beware  what is missing!!! \"the kindling Kindle\"", "unixReviewTime": 1322438400, "reviewTime": "11 28, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3T1OSMAOI15RZ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 17], "reviewText": "I like the Amazon Kindle Fire Device, BUT I will be leaving AMAZON to go with the NEW Google Tablet coming this Spring / Summer for the following reason:1) Amazon will not allow me and other to use everyday tools from Google like(G-Mail, Google Reader, Google Doc's, and most Google Market)I do understand they both Google and Amazon has their own Market, but I tell you Amazon will have a lot of people leaving them if they do not allow access to Google Market and their productivity Tools. I love what the Kindle Fire can do, but Amazon needs to Trust their customer base to continue to shop/ buy/ and consume their products.2)Google Android will allow you to install Amazon Android Application on their devices without any issues.How interesting this is. Also its interesting how Amazon is quick to allow this.NOTE: If Amazon wants to play with the BIG Boys in the Tablet Space they need to look what the Market is providing to their customers like Apple. Amazon has to give Customer a Real Reason to want to stay with them and be apart of their Eco System now an into the Future.That's All I have to say about that.....", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "NICE, BUT IT COULD BE BETTER.. IF THEY WANT TO KEEP ME", "unixReviewTime": 1332979200, "reviewTime": "03 29, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A3T4GL7GBDQSHX", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 17], "reviewText": "I do not have a Kindle or any product that is produced by another company.  My sister was so excited when she bought the very first proto type came out.  She told me that I needed to get one and I wondered why, I have a perfectly good pc and two laptops.  I'm 45 and 100% disabled yet I am trying to put myself through college. So I told her that when she  figured it out to let me know if it's worth it.  Guess what???  She doesn't have it all figured out.  Now she has an outdated product, Kindle Fire.  I told her to wait, ya'll would come out with a newer product next year.  See, I don't get it. You are now able to purchase a phone that does what the Kindle does except you can't call anyone on the Kindles.  No, I haven't bought the first one and I see no reason to buy any of them when I have my laptop.  Signed, Not convinced of Kindle 1 or it's product.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "When to buy one", "unixReviewTime": 1327708800, "reviewTime": "01 28, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A3TML6BCG8KH00", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 17], "reviewText": "My Kindle Fire does not work and I tried technical support several times, spent several hours on the phone and they were USELESS.  After one hour, they even hung up on me!!!!  Facebook is not an application, but rather goes to the browser and it takes five minutes to load and then there are no images.  Also, if you subscribe to the print edition of The New York Times, you cannot get access to it in the Kindle, which makes the e-reader aspect fairly worthless.After my fourth call, got a supervisor who informs us that every Kindle Fire needs a software update, which requires manual installation via a mini-USB, which I am expected to go out and buy.My recommendation:  don't waste your money.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "The FIRE doesn't work!", "unixReviewTime": 1321747200, "reviewTime": "11 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3UAHWAQR4T8XS", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 17], "reviewText": "This is a terrible product with terrible service.  I am on the live chat with problems with my Fire no less than weekly.  The service technicians are not qualified - the last one made me do a hard reset of the whole unit because she couldn't figure out what was going on.  That was after spending the last few months since I got the unit setting up the music, books, apps just as I wanted them.  So, her only ability to help me was to force me to start all over.  You get what you pay for with this item - spotty internet access, download errors constantly, and technical support that has no idea what they are doing.  Spend the money and get an ipad.  My 5 year old can have this one to play with because it is a dud.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Don't do it!!!!!!", "unixReviewTime": 1333065600, "reviewTime": "03 30, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A3UOKZ1TODMIC4", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 17], "reviewText": "I wanted the Fire to a big success, but I feel as if it was rushed to market to soon. Even as an eReader it is poor at best. The screen feel's to small to read, and typing on it is very frustrating. I spend more time correcting incorrect keystrokes. The web browser is very difficult to navigate. The screen is not as fluid as an iPad. It seems to pause a lot even as you drag your figure across the screen.  I find myself having to tap the screen multiple times just to get the page to turn and then some times the page turns due to an accidental tap because the screen is so close to where your figures lie. I was going to give the Kindle Fire as a Christmas gift, but I will have to rethink that idea.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Not ready for prime time.", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3UZ42DB1H89X1", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Mark Marshall", "helpful": [13, 17], "reviewText": "Bought one of these for my sweetheart - who is the most diehard of diehard Apple fans - she uses an iMac all day long, has a Macbook and an iPhone.  But I couldn't justify spending the big $$$ on an iPad... not 'cause I don't love her - but because when I gently queried her about getting her a tablet, she was a little reticent to say she'd use it all the time.Well... I couldn't resist - I got her a Kindle Fire, and gave her this one Xmas present early.We both do webwork of one form or another all day long, so we're very computer-savvy... me more so than her.  But being savvy doesn't matter.  The Kindle Fire is simple, beautiful, more powerful than you'd expect (if you know what to expect in the first place,) and right out of the box, it worked like a charm.  I had her Kindle connected to the Wifi in less than a minute.  And less than a minute after that, she was connected to her Amazon Prime.So we went off to our workdays.  She came down for dinnertime, and asked if I wanted to play with her toy now.  :)  So I did - what a nice experience.. smooth, responsive - the sound is nice (I'm a musician and recording artist - sound matters a lot to me, and the Fire didn't disappoint,) and the video is beautifully crisp, too.  Forget the naysayers... if you're thinking about getting one - take the leap.  Seriously.So there I am playing with hers... and out it comes... she got me one too.  (YAY!)I've had it for about 36 hours now.  I've added Dropbox, Netflix, Wired, got Gmail connected... it's light, but way more robust than using my iTouch (which I would normally do when away from the desk.)  I LOVE typing on this keyboard.  The form factor of the Fire is such that, when held in landscape mode, you can type VERY nicely with your thumbs.  (I HATE - HATE trying to type anything on the iTouch... Yecch.)And just now - the \"diehard Apple fan\" came into the livingroom, and said... \"I am LOVING my Kindle Fire... LOVING it.\"Me too.And for what she and I need... it's perfect.---------------------Followup one week later:Not one regret.  It's still as awesome as I thought it was when I wrote the above review.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Everything it's cracked up to be - and more...", "unixReviewTime": 1324339200, "reviewTime": "12 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3W26VOP0XI0ID", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 17], "reviewText": "Don't waste your money.  It is a good product, but absolutely miserable to use.  Get an iPad, it is more intuitive, makes more sense.  I've been using a Kindle since the second week they were available to purchase.  This is the WORST of the products.  It takes forever to boot.  The screen gets filthy, constantly.  The apps are a pain to work.  I can't figure out half of it, and I'm a geek.  I don't like it, period.  I purchased it to see the possibilities of a book I am doing, producing it for the Fire.  I probably still will do so, but I can't warm up to it.I've had it for 3 weeks.  I've used it maybe 3 times.  I keep my old Kindle with me, constantly. Maybe I will come to like it, but I'm not there, not at all.The YouTube app is a pain.  Then again, I am not into pop culture, at all.  I don't want what everyone else wants.  I don't want what is common place. I don't like having junk shoved at me.SJRUPDATE (a day later):  On consideration, the Kindle Fire is far more useful than the iPad.  I'm not that much of a fan of the iPad.  My sister lives on hers, can even run her business from it.  I think it depends on what you are doing.  If you want something for media, I think the Kindle Fire may be better.  If you want real interface for business, the iPad is better.  The best of both worlds is the MacBook Air.I don't take my iPad with me, but use it primarily to store photos as a back-up.  I back up my music in an older iPod.  The Kindle Fire is only going to do so much with music downloads.  The \"cloud\" rejected at least 70% of my music.  Then again, I didn't buy it for music.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Don't Waste Your Money", "unixReviewTime": 1333152000, "reviewTime": "03 31, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A54OVZ0FZOTM1", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "NickisratingstuffonAmazon", "helpful": [15, 17], "reviewText": "I purchased the Kindle Fire without the expectations that it was a PC replacement or an iPad killer. Knowing this, I still expected more.The hardware is a bit boring, but a slab and a screen is never going to be the most exciting in design opportunities. It is very sturdy and solid feeling, and is easy to use either one or two handed. The screen is decent quality, not as high res as most other tablets, but for the price I would not expect it to be. There really isn't all that much to the hardware because it is lacking a few things, which turns out to be an issue.The lack of a volume rocker or buttons is nothing short of insane. Relying solely on software for volume control is a hassle whether watching a movie or playing a game. Having to open up the top options to work the slider is very inelegant.Move from the lack of volume control to the speakers. At highest volume, they are about half the volume of my single phone speaker and a little louder than an iPod Touch single speaker. The Fire is technically a stereo device, having 2 speakers and all. In reality the speakers are so close together that there will never be any sort of stereo listening experience. Watching a movie in landscape with both speakers meagerly firing off to one side does not make for a pleasurable experience. One ear ends up getting all the cool movie sounds while the other ear is forced to listen to silence. Headphones or buds are almost a necessity.The lack of an SD card slot is a letdown as well. I understand that Amazon has the intent to push the services it provides, but some sort of expandability would have been nice.The power button. Out of  all the nerdy electronic devices I have owned, I don't think I ever had something with a power button placed in the worst spot that it could have been placed until now. The Fire is a lap device, and I would think that something that will likely be placed in a lap would not have a power button that would directly interfere with that. Unlike standard Kindles, the button is not flush or recessed, but is a slight bulge on the bottom of the Fire. The button pushes in with the lightest touch, as I learned within the first five minutes of using the Fire. It almost takes a conscious effort to make sure that the tablet sits light enough to not push the button and tell the Fire to go to sleep or turn off. It is a power button. There should never be an issue with something as banal as a power button, yet there is.The software is interesting. The bookshelf with swipeable list of media on the top row is nice looking. Cluttered and not as easy as marking apps and media as favorites or using the app list, but it works well with smooth transitions. The beakdown of media by type - Newsstand, Books, Apps, etc. makes it easy to navigate to what you are looking for. There is not much in the way of settings or options to change things up like the standard Android world, but Amazon did a fair job of keeping this simplistic and useable. Useable until you actually try to use something, like the reader app or the Silk browser.I didn't plan on reading many books on this because I am a proud papa of a e-ink Kindle, which is a good thing. Trying to read is a jittery stuttery mess. I have the Kindle app on 5 different devices which all work wonderfully, with the exception of the Kindle fire. Books take too long to load and page turning is a hassle. Pages can be turned either by pressing on the left or right side of the screen to load the previous or next page, or by swiping across the screen. The latter method is useable, but the page turn transitions are very sloppy. I figured for a color screen e-reader this would be one of the bright spots of the fire.The Silk browser, touted by Amazon as being the next, biggest, baddest, fastest, best-est tablet web browser is by far the biggest letdown. It is slow. Bordering on dial up slow. I compared this browser with the standard browser on my Droid Incredible 2 for a variety of full sites and not mobile versions, with cleared cache, history & cookies. My phone beat the Silk browser almost every time, a couple times close to 10 seconds faster. I found that turning off the \"Accelerate page loading\" option in the web settings seemed to speed things up a bit, or I may just be imagining it. HTML5 videos run well, but most videos seem to have issues. Watching cat videos on YouTube is very unpleasant with all video artifacts and stuttering. Trying to watch anything in a high or HD resolution is just short of pointless. The browser also tends to force close on its own. It seems like it gets too tired to bother trying to load websites and decides to take a break.Movie watching, both from Amazon and Netflix is a pretty good experience. The new Netflix interface fits right in with the Kindle theme. Playback is smooth for both, though Netflix seems to take longer to load and the quality does not seem as high.Apps and the app store are constantly growing and changing. Amazon does not have a giant selection at the moment, but it is constantly getting better. The email app is basic but works, Facebook is a shortcut to the mobile site, and Twitter is broken at this time. While the choices are slim compared to the Android Market or iOS, there are quite a few high quality apps. Time will tell, but if the Fire sells like crazy I think that there is nowhere to go but up for the number and quality of apps.I'm hoping Amazon keeps updating the Fire and improves on what could be a great little tablet. Right now I feel a little bittersweet about owning this. It is a great price, but with that great price maybe I was expecting too great of an experience. As a stock device the marketing played this up to be something it definitely is not. In time hopefully that will change.If you read all this, go get yourself a cookie. You deserve it.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "This Kindle Fire isn't all that hot...", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A65NKK4P0VL0N", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 17], "reviewText": "It's very simple. If you cannot afford the iPad2, get an Android tablet. None of the Android tablets measure up but of course they are priced lower. You get what you paid for,there is no escape. We can't all afford the best, and most people will have to settle. Sounds so cruel but life is just like that.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "I got a free Kindle fire but I ended up buying an iPad2", "unixReviewTime": 1324684800, "reviewTime": "12 24, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A7BMQFB2RTLUN", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 17], "reviewText": "I REALLY LIKE the Kindle Fire . . . but I WOULD HAVE LOVED IT . . . if it had come with the 3G free.  Why, Why, Why ? ? ? didn't Amazon add the 3G to an otherwise wonderful product?  Why leave it off Kindle Fire when most of the other Kindle products have it?", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Love - Hate", "unixReviewTime": 1322438400, "reviewTime": "11 28, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A8IVYFVYLLHWJ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 17], "reviewText": "I would give this a 5 rating but I can't.  First off I do not have Wi-Fi!  I had to go to macdonalds to sign in because of their free Wi-Fi. The fire worked perfectly for me in macdonalds I stayed and played around with it - then when I got home I tried to use it and could not open anything not even my books everything had to be downloaded.I guess I was use to my kindell with free 3g I had no problems.  This product would be a great product for price only if they had 3g.  I know I have a feeling they will come out with the fire with added 3g with more money I just know it, I wish I had of waited.Now I have to get a wirless router just to use my kindell fire! Or I might just send it back and wait for the updated version with 3g!", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Needs 3g to be perfect!", "unixReviewTime": 1322092800, "reviewTime": "11 24, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A9P0NS1OD1XAI", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 17], "reviewText": "Purchased kindle fire. Purchased blog subscription for same. Left home for 30 day vacation Looking forward to doing lots of reading on vacation. Surprise, subscriptions not available on new k. Fire. I just spent $200 for newer, better kindle that is not as good as old kindle. Unfortunately, old kindle is at home, and I am not.  Sucks. Would never have spent big $ for newer improved kindle that isn't capable of doing at least as much as old kindle. Rip off.  Amazon, you've really dropped the ball.  If I buy a kindle fire, shouldn't I be able to read kindle subscriptions on it? It is a kindle, isn't it?", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Kindle fire won't do everything your old kindle did.", "unixReviewTime": 1322265600, "reviewTime": "11 26, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AAKEO22ET8C9B", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "C. Dillman", "helpful": [15, 17], "reviewText": "It costs $199 same as an iPod which was what the kids begged for last Christmas and it knocks it's socks off.  Why are people trying to compare it to an iPad (which by the way I'm writing this on).  It will never live up to an iPad,  it should not have too.  iPad is 250-400% more money - hey my Subaru does not ride as nice as a BMW 7 series - no kidding.  My review is simple,  the kids have put down their iPods unless they want to listen to the music stored.  What do you want to play a game on a 3\" DS an iPod touch or a 7\" Kindle - guess.  Netflix on an iPod or a Kindle ya no brainier.  Please dismiss the reviews from those who have no idea how to disable features or get upset with simple software glitches and blow them out of proportion.  For $199 the kindle has driven a stake in the ground.  You can buy it enjoy it knowing the company is not going to bail out after 90 days and leave you holding a worthless brick,  without a doubt they will be a player for the next several years.  Apple does not need to be scared but everyone else should.Buy it and have fun,  at least you won't have to sit there as you wait for a Microsoft device to boot up only to send an error message back to the mother ship every time you need to check your bank statement.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Kicks iPods butt,  why does everyone think it's an iPad", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ACFA24GRNRGJI", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [9, 17], "reviewText": "So this is what I saw when deciding to purchase a Fire8GB internal (approximately 6GB available for user content). That's enough for 80 apps, plus 10 movies or 800 songs or 6,000 books.This sounded legit. 80 apps is probably more than I will ever have on the device at any one time so I was really surprised to see a message pop up informing me that I was running out of application storage. I was sure I still had 5GB of space available and after checking the device, that was confirmed. For someone who doesn't use the device for movies or music you can imagine how angry this made me as I now have a device that only has 1.17 GB of storage.I'm not pleased at all that my storage space is being resrticted and that their decscription for the device on storage is completely misleading.If this doesn't get corrected in a firmware upgrade I'm ditching this for an iPad which i should of purchased in the first place.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Only 1.17 GB for apps!!! Really?", "unixReviewTime": 1324512000, "reviewTime": "12 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AEDJYX0L2BZU8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 17], "reviewText": "Kindle Fire was twice as heavy as my friend's older kindle.  The touch keyboard was not easy to use when you have long fingernails.I could not get it to connect to my WFi and was told this is an ongoing problem.  There is actually a forum for Kindle connection problems.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Not what I expected", "unixReviewTime": 1323561600, "reviewTime": "12 11, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AFZJS0A9K09Q0", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 17], "reviewText": "Plain and simple, the Kindle Fire sucks. It cannot seem to do any sort of document reading or writing. It is really only good for buying amazon's online books and streaming movies to a tiny device. Great if you like to read or like watching movies on a small screen. I personally would not watch a movie on such a small device. I tried sending some mobi files to my kindle via email and the @kindle service. Well, it couldn't read them in the @kindle area, and when it downloaded them it stored them on an internal memory and as much as I looked through the users manual and online help, there was no explanation of how to retrieve the files. I was thoroughly unimpressed. Also navigating the web is cumbersome and the pad to type is too small onscreen. It had the most difficult time displaying my email and I have yet to be able to open an email successfully on the first try. I think this was a product that was billed too highly. If I wanted just an ereader, I could find a better one. I have decided to sell mine on craigslist.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire: Not all it's cracked up to be", "unixReviewTime": 1325635200, "reviewTime": "01 4, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "AGSQFXQI18IZ2", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 17], "reviewText": "What a pain in the a____ to just register this. First our kindle orders always came with our account information and I dont know why they couldn't ship this that way. Second the keyboard keeps messing up the password and email account information and the show password has a mind of its own. The \"a\"s show up with the ' on top, you press r and a 3 comes up, you press a letter once and 4 of them show up.  It took 20 minutes to get my email and password correct.  There is no instructions on how to adjust the touch controls, just a brown piece of paper with where the controls are.  The keyboard just disappears and have to turn it on and off to get it to come back.  I am really dreading giving this to my wife now as I know I am going to be getting phone calls while on travel asking how to fix it and why it keeps messing up.  I got online, it went out and got the updates, took forever to get them and kept asking if I wanted to continue, finished the download, gave me a message that it was verifying, for the last 30 minutes it has displayed a kindle fire logo with changing colors.  Dont know whether to turn it on or off now.It would have been easier to go onlne and enter in a serial number or even better just hit Register and let it do it by itself since they sent this against my account.ARRRRGGGH", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Who designed this?", "unixReviewTime": 1322006400, "reviewTime": "11 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AH8I3KFRAO7AE", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 17], "reviewText": "The product is slow, won't register the right name, and won't update. Back it goes, and off I go to other androids - but it's a shame I won't be able to give them for Christmas tomorrow.I went for the early hype and ordered one for my wife the day after it was announced. But it's a paperweight now.If you have found a competing product that works -- especially for web surfing, email, and movies, not purchases or book-reading, please be so kind as to recommend them as a response to this e-mail. Thank you and Merry Christmas!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Alas, Not As Advertised", "unixReviewTime": 1324512000, "reviewTime": "12 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AJY9IBRXFMNZF", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 17], "reviewText": "Web browsing is brutally slow. My iphone is 10 times as fast in the same wifi environment.  Also, it totally bites that amazon installed apps into my 'cloud' that I cannot delete. I don't want to see that junk!  I should have just stayed with my old kindle.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "So Disappointing", "unixReviewTime": 1321747200, "reviewTime": "11 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AM0K8XJ453DSH", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 17], "reviewText": "Been waiting 1 month and nothing. I keep ordering things but to no avail. Now my 30 day prime membership has expired.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Why does it take so long to load the books on my kindle", "unixReviewTime": 1332892800, "reviewTime": "03 28, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "AMNW2TNA7WS8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 17], "reviewText": "1. Terrible wi-fi: This is probably the main reason why I would return mine. my iPhone 3G has no problems connecting while this one just can not catch enough signal.2. Touch screen not as sensitive: I am used to of iPhone which is much more responsive than kindle fire.3. I also find it heavy for a device used for reading or watching movies.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Disappointed", "unixReviewTime": 1322784000, "reviewTime": "12 2, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ANRY90BU13PEN", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 17], "reviewText": "I wanted a Kindle 3G in color, not understanding at the time what a 3G was.  Now I know.WiFi.  I didn't know that I had to have WiFi in order to use the Kindle Fire.  I don't like laptops and have a workstation at home.  So I don't have and have never needed WiFi.  I have had to scramble around to find a WiFi cafe where I could register my Kindle Fire and download my books. I live on an island in the Azores and have not found a place yet that sells the WiFi adapter.Touch screen capability.  I didn't particularly care whether or not the Kindle Fire had touch screen capability. The carousel whirls around so fast it is hard to get it to stop on my selection.  I have difficulty getting the main menu up.  Tapping the screen does not always work and I have to keep at it until I can accomplish whatever task I need to do.  This is very frustrating.Battery life.  I also found out to my disappointment that the Kindle Fire does not have any where near the battery life that the Kindle 3G does.  What is it doing?  Continuously searching for the internet?  The batter life only seems to be about 12 hours while the Kindle 3G will last 8 days!Keyboard.  Typing on the keyboard is challenging.  I am hitting wrong keys in spite of my best efforts.  The physical keyboard on my Kindle 3G is so much better than the touch keyboard.PROS:  I like the color.  The pictures are awesome.  I really like the back light.  It is easier for me to see the text.Overall, the Kindle 3G, even though it is in black, white and grey scale, is a better device.  Yes, I will use the Kindle Fire.  Why?  Even though I feel it is inferior in many ways to the Kindle 3G, I bought and paid for it -- and it has color.  Will I use all the other features?  Probably not.  I don't want to watch a video or film on such a small screen.  I won't subscribe to magazines and won't view how my stocks are doing on the Stock Exchange.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "It's not as good as I had hoped", "unixReviewTime": 1323302400, "reviewTime": "12 8, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ANW9GGJUCQTJF", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 17], "reviewText": "I bought my Kindle Fire just after Thanksgiving. I am traveling overseas and downloaded several books to read on the journey.  Yesterday the Kindle just went dead on me.  Cannot switch it on.  IT IS DEAD.  Won't be returning to the U.S. for a few months, so cannot even exchange it for a replacement.Buy cheap, and that's what you get - a cheap product.  I wish I had just gone ahead and bought an IPad.A VERY DISAPPOINTED AND UPSET CUSTOMER.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Bricked Kindle", "unixReviewTime": 1323993600, "reviewTime": "12 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AP6GBFH0YNMRN", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Laura Q", "helpful": [13, 17], "reviewText": "Others have commented on the lack of controls for video content but this applies to your own e-library as well.When my son opened his Kindle Fire not only did it have the purchase password preset so he can buy anything it also has a super simple way to look at all e-book in my account. I have purchased over 200 books on my Kindle and not all of them are appropriate for kids. When I asked Amazon how to restrict access to the e-book library they told me to turn off the Wi-Fi!! Really??!!! That means no access to Netflix or Amazon Prime movies.  As soon as the Wi-Fi is turned on the device has full access to the complete e-book library. Based on the response it sounds like if the Wi-Fi is on then buying is on?! Really. I can not believe that is possible and that no consideration was given to that when the Fire was developed and marketing for children.If Amazon is going to develop an internet access device then you need to improve the ability to manage content at the device level from Manage Your Devices area on the web. Similar to the way that computers have access levels. A simple yes or no access to the network is NOT an acceptable restriction and shows complete lack of forethought.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "WARNING no Parental Control of Kindle Library either", "unixReviewTime": 1324944000, "reviewTime": "12 27, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "APNQFAEKRX0J5", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [0, 17], "reviewText": "UPDATE. After talking with Amazon Kindle customer support, Amazon immediately stepped forward to make this right.  Instead of waiting until next week to ship me a new Kindle Fire, Amazon Kindle customer service sent an email stating that they had immediately put a new Kindle Fire in delivery Friday afternoon, with overnight shipping. In addition, an Amazon customer service rep called me personally today to extend my Prime by a month and give me a credit towards Kindle apps.  This is the Amazon that I've been doing business with since the late 1990's!  My faith is renewed.  I've changed my rating of Amazon Kindle support to five stars.What I learned: (1)Talk with Amazon customer support instead of using Amazon chat.  Might work for you - didn't work for me. (2) UPS \"customer service\" is an oxymoron. They kept telling me to go look outside in case I missed the package. I did find out that whoever got my first Kindle will not be able to use it.  Good!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~OLD REVIEW. I'm really not reviewing the Kindle Fire because it never got here.  I ordered the Kindle Fire, signed up for Prime and tracked the order, which was shown to have been delivered today, 17 NOV, on my \"porch\" by UPS. It was not delivered - at all.  I was home all afternoon and evening, including 5:50 PM.  There are large picture windows opening on the driveway. There was NO UPS delivery.  I called UPS and got a call center that told me they had no idea what happened to my package and to call Amazon. The UPS call center was a joke. Then I used Amazon chat and burned up 40 minutes going round and round with two different operators, the last of which sent me an email with instructions on sending back the Amazon Kindle that had been \"delivered\" - except there was no Kindle Fire delivered, as is amply illustrated in the text of the chat, which I saved. I will NEVER use Amazon chat again - complete waste of time. I then called Amazon customer service and the best they can do is send me a new Kindle Fire a week from now. So much for Amazon Prime 2-day delivery.  You'd think because Amazon's carrier screwed up, they'd rush me a new one.  Nope - I was informed that it was first come first served.  My first order notwithstanding.  My previous experience with Amazon has been fine, but this experience has been a nightmare - and my Kindle Fire, which was to be delivered today, is sitting on someone else's porch. If UPS doesn't screw up again, I may see my Kindle Fire a full week from now. If I have a choice, I will most certainly never use UPS again. Not that a delivery can't be missed - but the complete lack of customer service and accountability is inexcusable.  And I will think twice about further Amazon orders.  When Amazon works, it works great. When it doesn't, prepare to burn up your time sorting out the detail Amazon should just take care of.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Amazon/UPS delivery and the \"value\" of Prime", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AVSMRPI23DQI2", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 17], "reviewText": "okay to start off with i really haven't gotten the device yet! just ordered it. However i wanted to share something important here for all the \"price-only\" wave of reviews and offer a little different view on all this tablet thing.Truths:- i am an Apple person!- i have a 1st Gen ipad- an iphone- apple tv- everything Mac!New Convictions:there was ahold saying which i think still holds true: (coming from the early web days) :  \"content is king!\"Sentiment Forward:Majority of my movies and music reside in iTunes universe. So when the decision came to upgrade to a \"newer\" tablet, i had to go back to my \"utility factor\"I started really examining how often do i in fact use the iPad vs all the other gizmos (mind u i had owned a 1st gen Kindle DX! IT broke sadly)So watch this logic:  majority of my \"book reading\" and \"book hearing\" is with AMAZON/Audible.com!  sadly the experience this content has on the iPad (via the kindle app) is not really up to par! Plus haven't been really a big fan of the whole iBooks \"books\" either! it just feels bulky! i really like the Kindle form factor and how light weight it is!Frankly an iPad is just to distracting too!  there is this amazing book calledBreaking The Habit of Being Yourself: How to Lose Your Mind and Create a New OneBelieve it or not i am able to actually read this on my work desktop Mac machine without distractions than on an iPad! (okay bad excuse! but u catch my drift)So in Conclusion:  the reading and audiobook content on amazon suits me more for reading books!Cons: one more device to add to my gadget bag which BTW includes about all of this other junk: (can anyone say ROAD/eWARRIOR!)-Nikon D5000 12.3 MP DX Digital SLR Camera with 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6G VR Lens and 2.7-inch Vari-angle LCD-Apple MacBook Pro MB991LL/A 13.3-Inch Laptop-HyperJuice External Battery 150Wh for iPad/iPad 2 & MacBooks (MBP-150)-Canon VIXIA HF200 HD Flash Memory Camcorder w/15x Optical Zoom-Apple TV MC572LL/A (2010) [OLD VERSION]-Kindle Fire, Full Color 7\" Multi-touch Display, Wi-Fi-Apple iPad (First Generation) MC497LL/A Tablet (64GB, Wifi + 3G)-IPHONE 4 16GB - Factory Unlocked -- Beats by Dr. Dre Studio White Over-Ear Headphones from Monster- Link Depot LD-MCHOLDER Memory Card Carrying Case - Black- VCT Universal Power Strip 6 Outlets - 100V to 220V/250V and 3750 Watts Surge Protector with Window Shutters and Circuit Breaker. Use Worldwide in Any Country - Model VCT USP600- Laptop adapter, Camera Adapters, External Battery adapters, USB 3 Cables and A/C Adapters, USB Cables, External Hard Drives,- Jawbone JAMBOX Wireless Bluetooth Speaker - Red Dot - Retail Packaging- Novatel Wireless MiFi 2200 3G Mobile WiFi Hotspot Modem, Refurbished (Verizon Wireless)- Vanguard VS-82 Table Top Digital Camera TripodSorry i went on a rant for a simple Kindle Fire review!but i think i proved something to everyone!focused usage and content is what matters! i could just simple carry around loads of books to read right!happy trails everyone! Stay Tuned will update this once i actually get the Kindle Fire!---updated June 13 ---Kindle prosForm factorReaders best friendMultifacetedDecent batter life when not on all 8 cylindersMore functionality and cloudiness when reading booksLightweightEasy to carryCute apps - not an iPad obviouslyNot music friendlyConsNo VPN capabilityComic book reading is very sub-parMagazine reading is 50/50 proposition - I like text mode at time but the full magazine with gloss is not a forteAudible mult-accounts mishandling issue - u can have several accounts to the deviceOverallWell as I sit here at 30,000 ft and write this I can tell you that I am catching up to most of my book reading for sure - the form factor and screen clarity is the best feature of the KF.I need a VPN function (which is not hard on this android device) so I can test the pandora and Netflix bits. I travel all over the world and not having multi-language keyboard is no fun either.What I tell my friends (you be the judge)- take an inventory of all your digital media consumption- look at the actual usage and number of hours u spend on either- what important to your- then make a decisionIn my case- been on iTunes content since 2005 music and video files- been an audible junkie since 2002 70plus books- been an amazon kindle reader since 2006 and have 70 plus books- iBooks from apple only about 10 books so far- magazines and comics are draw in some ways - I prefer the iPad on those franklyFinal final word:So enough tippy toeing! I love the KF for it is first and foremost: books which are carried and published and release at amazon first! If I may use the cr&egrave;che ---the KindleFire is to the written/audible word, what an iPad is to everything else.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Kindle Vs  ____ well purpose! Updated", "unixReviewTime": 1340496000, "reviewTime": "06 24, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "AX4VCNTBAZ7A9", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 17], "reviewText": "I will keep this short.  If you read the reviews of this product I probably have very little to add.  Many have suggested that the comparison of the Kindle to the iPad needs to take into consideration the price difference.  But if you are  concerned about price you can get an 8GB iPod for a few bucks less - it does a heck of a lot more than the Kindle and gives you access to the Apple apps - and iTunes.  It fits in your pocket nicely and weighs a bit less.  I own an iPad - and a Touch - they get used every day - the Fire sits on the shelf - no compelling reason to get it and do anything with it.  I would agree that it \"is what it is\" - a nice reader and decent video player - but for the money - get an iPod!", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "iPad owner tries to like the Kindle Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1324425600, "reviewTime": "12 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AXBYKINDB86DT", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 17], "reviewText": "Well, I preordered my Kindle Fire from Amazon thinking I would be one of the first ones to receive it verses going to a store and purchasing.  It is now the 21st and still no Kindle Fire.  To say that I am disappointed would be an understatement.  I have been a long time Amazon customer, but this has left me scratching my head.  Maybe it's time for me to cancel the order and go check out the new Nook?UPDATE:I finally received my Kindle Fire!  While I am still disappointed that Amazon did not take care of customers who pre-ordered first (I could have gotten a Fire from Wal-Mart weeks ealier), I am very happy with the operation of the Kindle Fire.  While there are defnitely areas where Amazon can improve on this product, it does almost everything I expected at this price point.  I would like to see a memory expansion slot, more RAM, and fuller access to the google marketplace, out of the box.  I originally rated my experience at 1 star because of the delayed shipping by Amazon, but decided to change the rating to reflect my experience with the product itself.  While it is not perfect, I think some minor modifications by Amazon on a future model could pit this squarely against the iPad.  Given my experience with it so far I am rating it 4 out of 5 stars.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Still waiting (update)", "unixReviewTime": 1321833600, "reviewTime": "11 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AY81T6RVUS7ZB", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 17], "reviewText": "The Kindle Fire has buggy software, poor battery life, does not come with a cable to sync to a computer.  The size and the screen are nice.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Not recommended", "unixReviewTime": 1323561600, "reviewTime": "12 11, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A11S19N70V3I7J", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 16], "reviewText": "I purchased the Kindle Fire this morning for my mother as an Xmas gift. I was looking for a device that would be easy to use with intuitive navigation and a clean layout. For the most part, the Kindle Fire fits the bill on these two requirements. However, the pre-loaded apps and bookmarks(IMDb, Amazon Store, ESPN, Craigslist, Pulse) that cannot be deleted, the mandatory credit card registration and the overall inability to truly customize anything is a real turn off. It brings me right back to the mid-1990s when every computer came with AOL and other bloatware that sucked up storage space and RAM and generally got in the way of how I wanted to use MY computer. While your Kindle Fire might have 8GB of total space, in actuality you have just under 6.5GB. I'm not interested in cloud storage and it's not something that would be convenient for my mother - for whom this gift was intended - as she does not have regular access to wifi.PROs:- I really like the size of the device, which is why I initially didn't go with the iPad. (Going to return this and probably going to go with the 7\" Galaxy Tab...after some more research..or maybe the iTouch.)- Good physical design, especially the rubberized back.- Decent interface design and navigationCONs:- I absolutely HATE the preloaded software...in principle and in terms of impact on device function. It sucks up storage space and clutters my app shelf with crap I would never, ever be interested in. IMDb, please!! Rotten Tomatoes is so much better!- There is a noticeable delay in typing that can be frustrating when trying to bang out a search query or other text.- The touchscreen itself seems a bit finicky - you might have to push several times and at different angles and degrees of pressure to get, say, the menu to appear or to return to the home screen- Mandatory credit card registration. This is just ridiculous - it was Amazon's database that was hacked this past summer, compromising hundreds of thousands of users' credit card information (so says my bank rep). (I was on a business trip when I learned that my card had been suspended with a new one being mailed for security purposes). Why should I be required to make myself vulnerable to further data theft? If I want to purchase something through the Amazon store, I will happily enter my payment information each time. This - coupled with the bloatware - signals an overall lack of customer-centricity in Amazon's marketing and business practices...well, that may be a bit harsh. They do have a great return policy. But the bloatware and the mandatory cc registration really chap my hide.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "1990s Revisited", "unixReviewTime": 1323561600, "reviewTime": "12 11, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1207FWYTYV5IG", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "michael kirby", "helpful": [14, 16], "reviewText": "i live in South Africa and after spending many hours on my computer reading reports and reviews on ALL the available devices on the market , i decided on the KINDLE FIRE even though it was only available in the USA and i had to buy the device through a 3rd party company here and i knew that many of the features of the KINDLE FIRE would not work in South Africa , my reasoning was this ,i travel around SA frequently and spend lots of hours in airports in aircraft lounges and on aircraft and i also read a lot , i wanted an E reader or tablet , with the ability to access the internet , watch a movie , dowload a magazine and i got exactly that OK i cannot access the \"cloud storage\" and because of this i cannot access AMAZON music store or app store or watch movies from AMAZON prime or otherwise , for those people outside of the USA thinking of buying the KINDLE FIRE but who do not know what will work or not here below is what i know works at this point 2 weeks in and what you CAN do on your KINDLE FIRE..DOWNLOAD E BOOKS AS PER A NORMAL KINDLE.DOWNLOAD MAGAZINES WITH SUBSCRIPTIONS AS PER A NORMAL KINDLE EXCEPT OBVIOUSLY IN COLOR..DOWLOAD AUDIO BOOKS.SOME OF THE APPS YOU GET WITH THE DEVICE SUCH AS \"WEATHER\" WORK FINE.YOU CAN ACCESS THE WEB / INTERNET  GOOGLE , TWITTER , FACEBOOK ETC.YOU CAN DOWNLOAD CONTENT FROM YOUR HOME COMPUTER TO YOUR KINDLE THAT INCLUDES MOVIES , PICTURES , OTHER E BOOKS , MUSIC , I SUPPOSE APPS BUT I DONT KNOW .What i do when going away is to load my content that i want to take with me from my PC such as a couple of movies and some music ( the KINDLE FIRE uses certain software so you need to convert your movies into the right format , my son did it in 10 minutes ) buy the books i want to read and leave home with the KINDLE FIRE loaded up , when away if i want another book usually the airport lounges have WI FI hotspots so i can buy a book or magazine if i need to but that is rare , when i get home i remove what i have finished with and clear the memory for next time , i never read books or watch movies twice so once they are watched or read thats it , \"next please\"CONCLUSIONThe KINDLE FIRE is still a great buy even if you live overseas and cannot accesss the cloud content , for people like me who want leisure content only for relaxation after a hard days work it is still perfect , i have always believed that people doing work on laptops and tablets after normal hours on aircraft every day should find another job , if they cannot do the job in working hours someone should check what they do during the day !!!its OK to work over when needed but some people \"live\" if that is the word like this  , i have read hundreds of TECH REPORTS on KINDLE FIRE V I PAD  V SAMSUNG GALAXY V NOOK TABLET ETC ETC what tosh!!! these guys write the man in the street buys what he needs , if you want leisure content with access to the internet , if you read a lot of books and magazines and like to watch movies get the KINDLE FIRE , if you want to run your entire life on a tablet buy the I PAD its simple , as for those of us living outside the USA , the NOOK is not an option as far as i am concerned AMAZON is a truly international company BARNES AND NOBLE i never heard of until i read all the reviews , in the TECH REPORTS i read all kinds of stuff about reaction times , \"jerky\" connections ,this function not as good as I PAD ,that function not as good as I PAD , if my KINDLE FIRE WAS any faster i would not be able to use it !!! the information about AMAZON SILK BROWSER getting faster as you use the device is true , the KINDLE FIRE starts to understand the stuff you do , i am sure that the APPLE I PAD is a wonderfull thing my friends who have one love theirs but these are my friends who are TECHNOPHOBES , APPLE I PAD will have a huge market of these people but AMAZON will have a massive market too for all its KINDLES for people like me , one day in SA maybe we too will have AMAZON cloud access that would be great but the KINDLE FIRE is still great for me as it is . if anybody from outside the USA reads this i hope it helps you decide what to do.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "AMAZON KINDLE FIRE OUTSIDE USA", "unixReviewTime": 1323734400, "reviewTime": "12 13, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A12O5SEIF162P8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "William A. Nolan \"freeholder\"", "helpful": [15, 16], "reviewText": "Way too many reviews have tried to compare the Fire to the Ipad.  Silly.  The Fire was never intended nor marketed as a competitor to the Ipad.  Think about the differences between the two companies.  Apple mainly sells hardware, and has now entered the content market.  Amazon mainly sells content.  Remember that Amazon started out as a bookstore.  Other products came later.  The Fire is a Kindle.  It's right in the name.  \"Kindle Fire\"  It isn't designed, intended, or marketed as a tablet computer.  It is a simple device intended to access content, and mainly Amazon.com content.If you mainly want to read books, then one of the other Kindles would be a better choice.  Their e-ink screens are a bit easier on the eyes, and the battery life is way better.  You can read books on your Fire just fine, although bright sunlight may be an issue, as it is with any backlit device.  Hard for a few LEDs to compete with the sun!  However, the Fire really shines when you want to watch video.  Music is fine, too, but my smartphone will play music.  If you are near a WiFi hotspot, you can stream the video, and if you have Prime, there are thousands free.  If you own a video, you can download it to the Fire and watch it even if you aren't near a hotspot.Some have complained about the Fire having limited memory.  Remember, it isn't intended to be a computer.  It will store maybe 15 or 20 hours of video.  I don't know about your life, but I am VERY unlikely to ever watch 15 or 20 hours of video without being near a hotspot.  8 movies means at least 2 or 3 days before I'm through them, and hotspots aren't that rare.  Traveling?  Pretty much every hotel, motel, Starbucks, and fast food place has WiFi.  While you have coffee or lunch you can delete the watched films and download a new batch.  Amazon stores them all for you.  Same with books.  We've had Kindles since the very first one came out, and we own a LOT of books.  No need to keep them all on our device.  We download them as needed.  If we want to read one again, it takes a minute or so to retrieve it.The screen on the Kindle is VERY sharp and clear, with an excellent viewing angle.  Easy for two or three to watch.  Clear text is easy to read, the browser works well, and Internet pages look good.  Most all Android apps I have tried work fine.  Some have complained about the location of the power button, but it hasn't been any problem for me.  It probably depends upon how you hold it.  I find the interface easy to use, but I do use a Droid phone, so I was familiar with the Android OS.  In the interest of full disclosure I should also mention that I have taught computer science at the college level for 30+ years, so I am kind of a geek.I don't want to give the wrong impression.  I read books on the Fire frequently.  I'm just saying that if you want to read for hours at a time, especially outside, a regular Kindle would be a little better.  I have both.All in all, the Fire is an excellent product that does what it is supposed to do very well.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "It does what was intended very well.", "unixReviewTime": 1322956800, "reviewTime": "12 4, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A12ZCDQJ87B5TA", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 16], "reviewText": "This thing is not designed for the user.  It was created so you can buy more Amazon content, and made totally invalid with your own files.I had to call support to figure out just how to load a PDF file to my Kindle Fire... I need to send it to an email address and then they convert it?MPEG/AVI files don't work on it, you have to buy your own cord to transfer stuff.  When you call support they cannot even recommend a converter to their Kindle format!The device tries to block you as much as possible from loading your content, and is constantly goading you into buying more Amazon e-books, and DVDs.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Total scam of a device", "unixReviewTime": 1339718400, "reviewTime": "06 15, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A13UI6XGK6K2LW", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "girlpelican", "helpful": [15, 16], "reviewText": "I bought the Kindle Fire because I think all the cell phones are overrated for the price you have to pay for them.  I got tired of my cell phone dying, I just needed a phone to talk and another device to do all the other stuff.  So now when we are out and about running errands my son is playing games on the Kindle Fire and my cell phone battery is not being drained.  My husband and I had the greatest night out to dinner for the first time.  Our son played the dinosaur flash cards on the Kindle the entire time.  The children's books cost too much money, I was shocked.  For Brown Bear it is 12.99.  The graphics are neat but that is way too much money for childrens books.  They run from 1.99 to about 24.99.  The free streaming movies on Amazon Prime is awesome.  My son has already watched Jetsons the Movie and Barney's First Christmas; without even charging the battery.  All the apps you can download are awesome, they are the same apps you can get on android but bigger screen.  The touch screen is very good, probably not the best but I was surprised how accruate.  I have been on Facebook and e-mail....works great!  I have purchsed from the Oriental Trading Company and Overstock with no issues.  I am unsure why people have been saying web surfing is slow, I have not found that to be true.  I love the borrow book, 1 a month on Amazon Prime.  I am half way through my first book already.  I do like the E-ink reader better on the old kindle but glad to sacrafice that to have the bright screen for other things.  You can change the background to a vanilla color on the books and that has helped me.  I wish it had the 3G like the Kindle DX, the Kindle Fire says it comes with the Whispernet but I haven't figured that out yet.  There is only 6.5 GB on the device storage but the cloud is unlimited, I can't see me even coming close to that anyway.  I don't really have much from my computer I will put out on it anyway.  Yes, it does not take pictures or video.  There are so many other things that do that so I don't really care.  To me, I am breaking out my Canon anyway because if I am going to take pictures or video I want quality.  I don't need those instant post to Facebook, just use your cell phone for that.  To me the Kindle Fire has a lot to offer and I like amazons products so I don't mind being locked into them and the thought of them coming out with a cell phone in 2012 is really exciting because then I would have access to all the stuff on the cloud.  The power cord that comes with it is about 2 feet long and not good quality.  I have not upgraded because my cell phone USB power cord works just fine.  All this just depends on what you are going to use it for and what you really want.  The Ipad for me was too expensive and I knew that I wouldn't use half of what it could do.  So the bottom line for me is the Kindle Fire is AWESOME!  The only really down side for me is getting it away from my son.  He has asked for it for Christmas instead of the Nintendo DSI XL.  I haven't checked out to see if we can share the cloud and so forth so that is next on my list!  Hope this helps anybody on the fence about it.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "What do you want to use the Kindle Fire for is the question?", "unixReviewTime": 1321833600, "reviewTime": "11 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A15CU7PZD5ARLA", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 16], "reviewText": "After a considerable waiting period and several iterations of the Kindle platform I borrowed a friend's Kindle Fire. I certainly liked the size, weight, color and ease of use but there are three things that I feel are key negative issues for me: (1) Certain specific Kindle books are more expensive than if I purchased the actual printed copy and this makes no sense whatsoever to me since there are no printing costs, storage costs, shipping costs, etc. associated with Kindle Books. Having worked in IT for the last 46 years, I know the corresponding IT related costs should be (and are) much less. (2) The Kindle does not support .xls and .xlsx file viewing and as these file formats are something I use daily; I find this is a major negative issue. (3) In my opinion, the annual fee for Amazon Prime is far too expensive. When you look at it realistically, this is simply an access fee. As long as the Amazon Prime server complex is up and running, Amazon would be making a killing if the subscription for this service were $12.00 to $24.00 per year. $79.00 per year is simply severely gouging the customer. So, bottom line is this: I commend Amazon for developing an excellent product which I feel is being sold for a fair and reasonable price but . . . they fall far short of delivering quality services in support of that product, at a fair and reasonable price. Consequently, I will not be purchasing a Kindle platform product unless and until Amazon becomes fat enough and/or rich enough to come to their senses and market their services at a fair and reasonable price.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Key issues still exist with the Kindle platform", "unixReviewTime": 1330214400, "reviewTime": "02 26, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A15L8JQFEMPA1Y", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 16], "reviewText": "Very disappointed to learn that when you buy a second Kindle Fire (as I did for my wife) that you do not get a free month of Amazon Prime.  I was told I had to deregister the Kindle and my wife would have to reregister the Kindle Fire to receive the free month.  Why not just add the free month to the first subscription?", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "recent Kindle owner", "unixReviewTime": 1325030400, "reviewTime": "12 28, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A15ME9EN37HGU4", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "dd9000", "helpful": [13, 16], "reviewText": "Background:I've never owned a tablet or e-reader.  Apple products have always been a no-go for me because at least 90% of the web sites I visit use Flash.  And I've never seen the point in spending $400-$800 for a tablet with limited functionality when I could buy a laptop (admittedly low-end, clunky, unsexy) with more functionality and expandability for the same amount of money.Why the Fire?Price, price, price, price and price.  When I looked at the price of the Fire, and the one month free Prime, and compared that to the potential advantages of a tablet for me, well, it was pretty much a no-brainer.iPAD OwnersFirst, I envy you the disposable income that lets you buy multiple tablets.Second, if the KF doesn't compare to the iPad, I can only ask if you read the description or purchaser comments before buying.  It's smaller and at least half the price.  What did you expect?Third, one word: Flash.  At least 90% of the web sites I visit regularly use Flash, often for such mundane tasks as site navigation or text display.  I happen to hate Flash for a number of reasons, but a tablet that doesn't support Flash would be essentially useless for me.  OTOH, the KF or Silk don't seem to support Microsoft's Silverlight.Expectations MatterIt should go without saying that expectations matter.  If you want a camera, this isn't for you.  3G would be nice - my U-verse DSL/Wi-Fi is not exactly a speed demon -  but I'm not willing to pay yet another monthly fee for a modest increase in speed  or accessibility.Microphone: why?So what did I think a tablet might offer that would make it an attractive alternative, at the right price, to a low-end laptop?1) The ability to quickly look something up on the web.  I turn off computers when they are not in use and even my near-top-of-the-line desktop takes 5 minutes to go from a cold-start to the Windows 7 desktop (via login and loading of startup apps).  So when I'm reading a magazine or book (the real kind) and suddenly want to check something on the web, well, it's a hassle.  And why turn it on if I'm going to turn it off in 5 minutes?2) The ability to engage in recreational computer activities from a comfortable location (sofa, lounger, bed).  Specifically, I have become interested in a number of free education web sites. But I spend enough time working at my desktop computer not to want to spend any more time there than necessary.  But if I could access these sites from a comfy chair? Well, that would be appealing. And it would be nice to be able to play games (yes, Angry Birds), access internet radio stations or otherwise waste time comfortably.PRELIMINARIESCriticisms - Caveat Emptor:Before buying, I read reviews (esp. the negative ones), on Amazon and elsewhere, and checked the forums. Some of the criticisms appear accurate, some are user-specific, and some are inaccurate.  I have done my best to verify that my criticisms are based on fact not ignorance or inexperience, but, please, if something I say is a deal-breaker, research it on your own before taking my word for it.PackagingSome users complained that the pre-registered (linked to your Amazon account) KFs came in boxes with Kindle Fire prominently displayed (an invitation to theft).  I ordered the KF and the USB cable together.  Both came in plain boxes inside a larger plain box.  (I recently had two different vendors ship a DVR in the manufacturer's box - talk about theft potential.)If however, you are concerned, you can order the KF as a gift and register it when you get it.  NOTE: I'm not sure if it is possible to use an unregistered KF, but at the very least, if you don't register it, you are bound to lose some functionality.Essential Accessories:Get a cover!  The KF arrives naked as a baby, in a very flimsy, tightly fitting plastic envelope.  Even if you are not sure you will keep the KF, get a cover, even a real cheap one, at the same time.USB cable - if you don't already have a USB cable (USB 2.0 A male to Micro B) and do own a computer, you might want to order one if you have, for example, music or e-books you want to transfer.USABILITYThis is not for your computer-phobic Uncle Harry whose cell phone does nothing but make phone calls.  The documentation, online and on the KF, is minimal.  Amazon appears to assume that people know how to pinch, swipe, tap, double tap.  The built-in documentaion only describes the icons, doesn't display them.I think the videos on Amazon's support page (http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=hp_k6_updatesi?nodeId=200769050) should run automatically the first time one turns on the Kindle.  They are, perhaps not surprisingly, more useful than the written documentation.Power ButtonThere have been a lot of complaints about the power button being on the bottom where it can be easily and  accidentally pressed.  True, but all you have to do is turn the KF 180 degrees with the power button at the top.  It works just fine for almost everything (only the opening swipe and a few web pages won't turn around) - and I don't know why Amazon didn't make that the default.Note: If you just press the power button, it goes into a \"semi-sleep\" state so that pressing it again will bring you to the swipe arrow at once.  If, however, you hold down the power button and tell it to shut down, it will take about 30 seconds to start back up.  I'm not sure what the consequences for battery power are for the \"semi-sleep\" option.Touch Screen GremlinI'm convinced there is a gremlin in the touch screen.When I'm reading a book, the merest hint of a whisper of a touch will turn a page backwards or forwards.On the web, when I want a double tap to work, it does some times and doesn't other times.  On the other hand, when I just want to scroll down a page and not click on anything, something I pass will get activated and off I go to a screen I didn't want.  Pages display in desktop mode and then because of something I don't even know I've down get switched to mobile mode.  When I want to increase or decrease the size of a page, I may have to double tap or pinch multiple times.  When I don't want the page display size or type to change, it does.  Obviously, I'm touching or doing something to cause these unwanted actions to occur, but the problem is that I haven't figured out how to control the use of the touch screen so that it does only what I want when I want it.NavigationI'm obviously spoiled by years of multi-window displays and the W7 task bar.  On the KF, it seems that the most frequent things I do are press the back arrow or the Home icon.  To get from one app or book or function to another,  you must get the Home icon, touch it, select the option you want on the home screen, then do something with that option. It has become really annoying.Wireless ConnectivityThe strength of the Wi-Fi signal in our home varies significantly on the KF from second to second.  It appears that any change in position or even where one is holding the KF can affect the strength of the Wi-Fi signal. It's steady only when the KF is near to the router.  It's difficult to say if the problem is with the KF, or if we need to buy access points in order to get the best possible signals for the KF throughout our home.BOOKSI'm not a fan of e-books for all the well-known reasons we \"real book\" lovers give.  So I will comment only on a couple of usability issues.Books downloaded from sites such as Project Gutenberg show up in the Docs section rather than the Books section.  That's OK.  What is annoying is that they show up on the carousel with just a big blue icon and no title.  (For testing, I set up Kindle on my PC.  The same big blue icon appears but, importantly, with title.)I find the KF too heavy to hold comfortably while reading.  Now, if I want to read a hardback that's bigger and heavier than the KF, I might consider the KF as an alternative, but since most of my books are paperbacks, that's not likely to be a frequent occurrence.I generally read while flopped on a sofa or in bed.  It is not uncommon for a book to land on the floor with little negative consequences other than, perhaps, a crimped cover.  While reading with the KF, it would be only a small exaggeration to say that not a minute passed without my worrying that I would accidentally drop the KF with consequences all too awful to contemplate.  In bed, I build pillow \"guards\"  to prevent its falling on the floor.Minute shifts in position cause the KF to switch quickly from portrait to landscape mode.  (While on the Web, it takes real effort to create the orientation shift.)  However, there is a setting in the options at the top that lets you lock the KF's orientation. And, as I mentioned above re the Touch Screen, it is at times altogether too sensitive with pages turning as if by magic and other times unresponsive to any kind of touch.No page numbers.  That's right. Not supported.  Maybe e-readers get used to the location numbers and % completed, but I find it disconcerting.  There is also no indicator for how/where to tap to move forward or back. In fact, you can tap or swipe almost anywhere, but a bottom of page indicator would be a nice addition.  And I don't understand why the KF can't give one the sense of a 3-dimensional object - as even Zinio's awful reader or The New Yorker's similarly awkward reader can do.In addition, others have reported that certain functions available on the Kindle Touch, such as X-Ray and the ability to buy foreign-language dictionaries, are not available on the KF.  This strikes me as more than a little bizarre, as if Amazon had decided that the ability to read books on the KF was a secondary or tertiary reason for buying it.Library CheckoutWorks fine but you must have Wi-Fi.  You can download directly to the KF or to a computer and then transfer the books to the KF via USB.  It's a multi-step process: library to book selection to Overdrive to Amazon but not too onerous. Its usefulness will depend on the e-book catalog of the library you have access to and the popularity of e-books.  My library has around 500 books in various genres and about 2/5 were available for a lending period of 21 days.  There were as many as five holds on the most popular books.OFFICE TOOLSThe KF comes with Quickoffice, but I was surprised to discover that when I clicked on Quickword, I was presented with a screen with two options: Internal Storage and Recent Documents.  The app installed on the KF can read existing docs (that you transfer, presumably, one way or another) but not create new ones.  For that, you must upgrade.I simply can't imagine using the KF keyboard to do anything more extensive than tweet 140 characters, so I didn't spend any time here.Email - you can set up multiple email accounts.  Gmail is a snap.  To set up an AT&T; account, I had to check my Thunderbird to get all the system settings right. I've not spent much time yet with the email since I rely on Thunderbird to manage multiple email accounts.SILKBackendAlmost all the attention paid to Silk has been on its backend, its split processing. Technically and theoretically, the model makes sense.  The KF has limited storage relative to other tablets.  And the idea that Amazon's servers will be faster than local processors because web pages will already be in cache is technically sound. But, the performance depends on a balance of factors: enough, but not too many (probably not an issue unless the KF is astoundingly successful),  users accessing the same pages.  Users with fast internet connections who visit the less-traveled web sites may do better on their own. To turn off the Amazon \"backend\", when you are in Silk, click the menu item at the bottom select options and uncheck the \"Accelerate page loading\" under the Advanced section near the bottom of the page.Front EndThe best that can be said for it is that none, zip, of the existing browsers on the market (inc. IE) need worry about losing market share.  It is a disaster in almost every respect and bears about as much resemblance to a modern browser as the Gopher Client did to Mosaic (Netscape's predecessor) .Note: I do not expect the functionality of Firefox or even the lesser usability of Chrome but really.  It takes 3 steps to bookmark a web page. and the default order of display of the bookmarks appears to be either (I've not used it enough yet to tell) the most frequently accessed or the most recently accessed.You can't order bookmarks alphabetically or group them into folders (categories).  This won't matter if the web browsing you do with the KF is limited to a dozen or so web sites.  If, like me, you visit a lot more than that, it is painful. (Hint: To go from thumbnails to a list, you need to tap in the blank search box. You can speed things up by typing the name of the web site.)You can't import or export bookmarks.  It took me close to an hour to manually enter the 20 sites I most wanted access to from the KF.  And then I had to go searching through my documentation to find the IDs and passwords for most of them since, of course, my password manager won't work under Silk.  Being able to export bookmarks & then re-import them is important if one accidentally or purposefully unregisters your KF.  (See section on security).  I've not been able to locate any add-ons for Silk akin to Firefox's enormous library..  Since I visit a number of foreign language sites, I really miss the ability to use Google to translate a phrase or a page.Opera Mobile is available for the KF.  Firefox is not yet approved by Amazon and Ive found no way to get it onto the KF. Easy Installer can't find it even though I downloaded it to the Downloads section.  I suspect, based on the Opera Mobile .apk file that East Installer expects the .apk file to be in an sdcard directory which I can't see or access.  Apparently one can get Firefox to work on the KF by using an Android smart phone with an SD card.  Google for instructions on how to do it. I've seen the process referred to as sideloading.TabsI thought there was no way to open a page in a new tab.  But if you press down on the link, a popup window gives you the option.  It's slow but maybe there's no other way to do it on a tablet?  (I should have watched Amazon's video on using Silk instead of just jumping in on my own.)Page displayYou can set options for the KF to use its best judgment, mobile or desktop formatting.  I prefer the desktop formatting.  There is an option under the Advanced Settings called \"Website settings\" but it does not seem to have been implemented yet.  If you choose to rely on KF's \"autoformatting\" or find the mobile setting best for most of your web sites, you may find that some web sites offer a mobile/desktop option somewhere on the page (check the top and bottom).  This is one area where the 7-inch size works against the KF.  It is too large for the mobile setting to be appropriate and too small for the desktop view to be easy to read.  I do a lot of pinching and double tapping.PDF SupportWhen you click on a PDF link on a web site, the PDF is downloaded. Tap at the bottom of the screen to bring up the menu of options and select \"Downloads\" to find it. I strongly, strongly, strongly, strongly recommend getting the free Adobe Reader app.  I found Silk's default PDF reader inadequate to say the least.SECURITY and SHARINGThe KF is not designed to be shared.  There is a \"Locked Screen Password\" option under More/Security that will limit access to the KF (you are prompted for the password when you swipe the entry screen), but will also add to the time it takes you get into the KF especially if you choose a strong password.The KF is tightly integrated to your Amazon account.  You register the KF to your Amazon account.  You can manage the KF from your Amazon account.  Books, for example, that you have on your KF appear in your Amazon \"Manage Kindle\" section, so if you don't want somebody else to see what you are reading, you are out of luck.In short, there is no way to set up the KF for multiple users.  This is NOT as some critics have suggested an easy thing to fix.Consider what Amazon would have to do:Have an \"administrator\" on the KF who can assign userids and passwords.Let multiple userids have access to the same Amazon account (say for credit card access) but, in this case, set up the \"Manage Kindle\" function on the Amazon account to prompt for a userid/password and, of course, limit the books and apps available to each user on the KF itself.In addition, it should allow each userid on the KF to be associated with its own distinct Amazon account.Then there is Amazon Prime.  If you have multiple users on the Kindle, each with a separate Amazon account, would you need an Amazon Prime for each (assuming you want the benefits of Prime)?  N.B. I've read that Amazon Prime can be shared for shipping but not for videos.In short, Amazon could develop software to make sharing safe & practical but it is not in the company's bottom-line interests to do so.  It wants families to buy multiple Kindle Fires.I do not know how this compares to the security on other tablets.AMAZON PRIMEThe 1 month free trial was a nice add-on and smart marketing because it pretty much forces people to set up 1-Click since you need 1-Click to borrow books or get free Apps.  See next section.Limitations: the free 2-day shipping applies only, as far as I can tell, to products shipped directly from Amazon rather than from 3rd parties.  So the value of the $70/year for fast shipping will depend on your shopping habits.Second, you get some free TV shows and movies with Amazon Prime on the KF but the number is sufficiently small, limited, and, quite frankly, bizarrely displayed (no way to alphabetize that I could find), that is appears to be mainly a loss-leader, designed to encourage you to buy content. (It is more than a little annoying to scroll through the TV section, for example, and see what appear to be multiple instances of the same program but which turn out to be, when selected, different seasons or episodes.  OTOH, you get the first 6 seasons of Buffy for free!)1-CLICK1-Click for the KF is a different animal from 1-Click for your standard Amazon account.You can turn your Amazon account's 1-Click On or Off.Some members have commented that there is a \"turn off 1-click for mobile\" option, but I found no such option on my account and wonder if by \"mobile\" what is meant is a smart phone.You have to set up 1-Click separately for the KF and once you have done that, there is no way to turn it off for the KF.  And you cannot set up 1-Click to work with a gift card on the KF which would be one way of preventing a shopping spree.Unfortunately, you need 1-Click to get even free apps from the Kindle Store and to borrow library books.According to an e-mail I got from an Amazon rep, this is because those services are available only to U.S. residents and the credit card associated with the 1-Click proves one is a resident.  I find this an absurd explanation.  The KF is tightly linked to one's Amazon account, and if Amazon can offer credit card options for the KF 1-Click, it can surely ascertain that at least one of one's credit cards has a U.S. address.  (Apparently, Amazon wouldn't mind if you had other credit cards with addresses outside the U.S.?)Re gift cards: if your Amazon account has a gift card balance, 1-Click on the Kindle will default first to the gift card balance before starting on the credit card.  I don't know if you get any kind of warning when the gift card balance goes to 0.This is major security problem. And not, as some critics have suggested, a problem only for families with ill-behaved and untrustworthy children.  The KF, by its very size, is designed to be portable. Forget it someplace, leave it lying around and anybody could go on a shopping spree. If you are going to take it away from home, at a minimum set up a \"Lock Screen Password\" with a very strong password. (This, unfortunately, makes it less easy to simply pick up the KF, turn it on and start using it.)WorkaroundI added a credit card I rarely use to my Amazon account, then changed the credit card associated with the Kindle Fire to that one. Then I deleted that card from my Amazon account.  1-Click for Kindle disappeared.  Apps I had \"bought\" (they were free but all turned up on said credit card) still worked.  This is a pain.  But if you have or can get a credit card with a very, very, very low limit, it might be a half-baked solution.  If you have only one credit card and have turned on 1-Click for the KF, wait until all your purchases have hit the credit card, delete it, then put it back after your 1-Click for the KF is gone.I am hoping that Amazon doesn't realize some people are doing this and make it impossible to delete the credit card associated with 1-Click for the KF  rather than just switch it to another credit card.  If Amazon does something like this, we will learn something important about the company.Summary:If you've never owned a tablet, this is a good one to start with - if only because of the price.  You're very likely  to find it useful or fun in one way or another -  provided you understand its limits before you buy -  at least enough to justify the price - and by using it, you will figure out 1) whether you really want or need a tablet and 2) what features or functions are important to you.Bottom Line:I am giving it only 3 stars for 3 reasons:1. The security (esp. 1-Click)  is inadequate for a device that some buyers will want to share and that is designed to be extremely portable.2. The lack of support for Firefox as an alternative browser.3. Usability.  There are just too many annoyances, esp. re the Touch Screen and navigation.However, I am keeping it.  I find myself using it much less frequently than when I first got it, but as it is my first tablet purchase, I still think the trade-off between functionality and price lands on the positive side of the scale.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Expectations matter", "unixReviewTime": 1323388800, "reviewTime": "12 9, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A15Z5KES91P9G1", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [9, 16], "reviewText": "I have had my Kindle for over a month.  This is my first Kindle, and I mostly love it.  There is one horrible feature that I must say I absolutely hate.  Amazon needs to fix this.  You cannot turn off the 1 click settings on the Fire.  With young children, my 5 star review goes to a 3 star review.  Nothing to stop them from downloading movies, apps, books, mp3s.  Am I the only one that actually wants to have to type a password to make a purchase?  I think probably not.  One other suggestion to make the Fire better?  Add a slot for an SD card.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "1 Click Settings", "unixReviewTime": 1324339200, "reviewTime": "12 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1AZ0X5M5127M5", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "AmazonMomma77 \"God is great and greatly to be...", "helpful": [13, 16], "reviewText": "My brief review follows, but first I want to reach out to the parents of young children who have been reluctant to get this device or who have complained and decided to send back the Kindle Fire.Please DON'T do that!Like me, most parents said... \"Oh this is awesome! Now my child can read books in full color, enjoying the pictures as well as developing a love for reading! On trips we can take tons of books in one tiny package instead of taking an entire bulky, heavy backpack of miscellaneous reading materials.We yanked out those credit cards, punched the numbers into Amazon's website, and sat waiting in anticipation for this dream device to arrive at our front door.Alas, the day came and our package arrived! WIth glee, we ripped open our boxes, set up our devices, and began to explore! Suddenly, panic struck us!  It's just so easy to download and purchase books and apps!And...Oh forbid! What if our child was to click in an app and decided to make an in-app purchase for $49.99 for GEMS while playing Farm Story (an adroid app, that can be played on the kindle)!Most of us screamed \"Oh that is it! I am sending this back today!\"Hopefully, your own personal love for the device kept you from sending it back, but you have yet to lay it in the hand of your child!Don't despair. I got curious and decided to try something! No, I didn't attempt to purchase a $49.99 batch of GEMS for the Farm Story game, but I did opt to see what happened if I purchased the smallest thing I could purchase in the game! It wasn't my desire to get GEMS but my desire to satisfy my curiosity! I thought like a child! If a child thinks he is playing a game, he may assume that buying GEMS is part of that game! It's a game! In his eyes, it isn't real money! Of course I have an older one, who if I gave permission to, would probably buy GEMS. If I wanted to waste money, I probably would buy GEMS, too! The game is pretty addicting :)! But back to the point...I clicked to buy GEMS in hopes of finding out there was something that would pop up and prevent my child from easily ordering something while in an app.Lo and behold -- THERE IS!!When you click for the very first time within an app to make an in-app purchase, there is a screen that pops up. At the bottom in the fine print is blue text - \"Add Parental Controls\".  Click on that!There are two check boxes- Enable Parental Controls & Use PIN. Make sure to check both boxes. When you check Enable Parental Controls, the device will prompt you to use your Amazon password.  When you check Use PIN, the device will prompt you to set a 4 digit pin and then verify that pin. After submitting the required information a screen will pop up and say \"Your PIN setup is complete. The PIN will now be needed to complete in-app item purchases on this device. Click OK and you are done.Now, of course, this does not help parents in the stores (on app purchases and book purchases). Monitoring is key!Yeah, yeah.. I know!! WE ARE BUSY PARENTS! IT'S NOT POSSIBLE TO MONITOR OUR CHILDREN 24/7! Accidents will happen!The good news is that most books and apps our children click on are not real expensive and when accidents happen, we can just contact Amazon and get it taken off our bill provided we do so in a timely manner. I figure this won't happen as often as we think it may.  If it does tend to happen quite often, then well... It's most likely not an accident. Children can be mischievous even at a young age. Even those we think are perfect little angels! Children are natural curious!Just, do your best to explain it to them. Teach them to recognize a $! That may help a little! Tell them games are just games but money is $ and $ is real!For little ones, put them where you want them to be. Not many two year olds are going to spend time navigating to the app store or to the bookstore.Check your Amazon account often. Have it send a notification to your phone when purchases are made. As soon as something pops up that you didn't purchase, contact Amazon.  I figure enough of this, and Amazon will soon add a 4 digit code for app and book purchases, too. It's one tiny change they could make and one update for us to do on our Kindle Fire devices once they make the change to the software.As for the device itself, I've had it since Tuesday, November 15th,  and have barely put it down. When I haven't had it in my hand, my children have had it in their hands.No, it's not an iPad so I won't compare it to one, but it's close enough to satisfy my children for a fraction of the cost! That's a plus when you have more than one child and your income is limited!For my three, who love reading (ages 15, 11, & 7), it puts a library right in our hands, the resolution is great, the pictures are exciting and colorful, the quality is superb, the apps provide lots of entertainment both educational and entertaining,the charge is fast, the battery lasts a long time, it's a durable little device(though I do have it in a case),  & best of all... it goes anywhere we go and we go, go, go!If I could, I would take away half a star because the Kindle Fire doesn't yet have the feature of a pass code on book store and app store purchases, but since that is really my only complaint and the system won't let me rate it that way, I give it a full 5 stars!I love the device and recommend one for your family!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "DON'T DISPAIR! THERE ARE PARENTAL CONTROLS! &lt;3 it!", "unixReviewTime": 1321920000, "reviewTime": "11 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1CSJRFPUZMUZW", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 16], "reviewText": "I didn't expect the Fire to be an iPad because c'mon..the cost difference? It simply doesn't perform all that well in the functions I need most. It's attractive, and you can see the roots Amazon started from. But stripping down and simplifying from Android came at cost in performance and adaptability.It's attractive and the display is nice. The clunky control functions are annoying though, and it is only marginally capable for web use. Video and tv are of no interest to me so those major strengths of the Fire don't adequately compensate for what it really doesn't do very well. The brighter screen was nice for book reading but that comes at a distinct cost in battery life. It's also heavier to hold and frankly not very comfortable in hand. It's barely passably useful for web browsing and office applications.It was an experiment that didn't work out for me. I should have 'test-driven' it at a big box store before purchasing so some of the fault is mine.After a day exploring around with it, I'm returning it to Amazon for a refund. The Fire just *really* doesn't do well what I need it to do so there's no point trying to force it to be something it simply isn't. I thought it would be better than it was.Too bad. It may well suit many people very well so my only suggestion is to be very realistic about what the Fire does do and only sort-of-does.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Disappointing", "unixReviewTime": 1325116800, "reviewTime": "12 29, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1CSWUO6VLA6KL", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 16], "reviewText": "I was in awe when I received my new Kindle Fire as a present.  Unfortunately I had bought myself an android tablet pc 10 days earlier and there is no comparison.  Whomever is saying the Kindle Fire is a tablet replacement is out of their mind.  It is for people who love \"tiny\".  Tiny icons, tiny words, screen too bright,,you can adjust but everytime it comes out of sleep mode you have to re-adjust the screen.I have no gift tag so I cannot return it.  I think you will see the Kindle Fire for sale on many websites \"Like New\" unless you have a user that has never used a device like this, they wouldn't have anything to compare it with.It does not compete in this market, spend the extra $$ and buy a tablet with some power in it.  Not this tinker toy.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Very disappointing.....", "unixReviewTime": 1324944000, "reviewTime": "12 27, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1DNZZ4N7B2Q1O", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 16], "reviewText": "I have had some pretty bad tablets in my day but this one tops the list.It doesn't even deserve one star.First of all the battery doesn't last long at all.secondly,if you don't have a screen protector dirt will get underneath the screen.Thirdly,it freezes and glitches every time.I dropped it once and it stopped charging and working.My dad gave me one for christmas and it was ok at first,but after a week it was freezing and overheating.I had to get a new one because the screen broke after it falling five inches onto a table.When i got the new one it froze while i was setting it up.I would never give this tablet to anyone.I would give this to my sister as a joke when i get my iPad.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "The worst tablet ever", "unixReviewTime": 1343088000, "reviewTime": "07 24, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A1E1T0D78D2L0S", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 16], "reviewText": "I had been considering a kindle for a long time, and when the Kindle Fire came out I couldn't wait.  The advertisements indicated that I could easily watch movies, loan and borrow books, and so much more.  I've been using mine now for about 9 months, and I hate it.  The only good thing about the Kindle is that I can make the print larger (which is really great for me!), but I could have gotten that from any Kindle, Nook, and many Apps.As for the things I hate:  1) I hate streaming video.  It seems slow and awkward; I also don't find much I want to watch on the small screen.  2) I hate that I really can't loan my books--only if it is enabled and only once for two weeks.  If I buy a paper book I can loan it as many times as I want for as long as I want.  3) The lending library seems useless--nothing that I want to borrow.  4) I usually hate reading on the Fire because I like to read in bed, and it is too bright, even when I lower the brightness levels.  It pretty much lights up the entire room. 5) The touch screen frustrates me--sometimes it doesn't work at all; at other times I send pages and the carousel flying.I'm not very tech savy, so I know I don't know how to work a lot of what the Kindle Fire is supposed to do; however, nothing seems intuitive to me.  Right now I play a few games on it and read for a few minutes once in a while, but I'm not enjoying my purchase at all.  I really made a mistake when I bought this!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "What a mistake!", "unixReviewTime": 1345161600, "reviewTime": "08 17, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A1ENPJYEJEK5WT", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [0, 16], "reviewText": "I haven't bought a Kindle Fire, so this isn't a review as such. I almost bought one, but I didn't like the limited Amazon app store offerings, and the no expandable memory.Then I heard about the Asus MeMo 370T that was on display at this year's CES, and will be out summer 2012.Processors: Quad-core Nvidia Tegra 3RAM: 1 GBMemory: 16 GB or 32 GB.Operating System: Android 4.0 (Ice Cream)Camera: 8Mpx with Auto FocusDisplay: 7 \"(1280  800)Launch plans: Q1-Q2 2012Price: $ 250And full access to the Android app market.Think about it.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Wait for the Asus MeMo 370T", "unixReviewTime": 1329004800, "reviewTime": "02 12, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A1FC9M1UGZ56YD", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 16], "reviewText": "I was a bit exited about checking out the fire, Amazon's posted reviews rely heavily on iPad 2 Comparisons. The fire is not a bad device, the price is good if it's the device that you want. I also have and iPad 2 and I think that the kindle will be the one we give the kids for their school books and such. \"The Fire gives me the features I want at a price point that's less than half of the iPad 2.\" It needs mentioning that the Fire is worth less then half of the iPad. Apple's design elegance alone still stands out among all tablets, so does the software. If you can afford it, buy and iPad.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "OK for the price, but doesn't compare with Apple's", "unixReviewTime": 1321747200, "reviewTime": "11 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1IW984ZCBS58T", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 16], "reviewText": "Its been 1 week by now since when i first received the Kindle Fire. Again this is great product with decent price tag, and with this price you will loss some of functions that you get with ipad or galaxys. anyway,GoODs0 this is a great piece of work indeed with true color screen with 7'' but color is stunning.0 you can read book, listen music, even watch videos with it which is great but you would have to buy  everything from amazon. you can transfer your own stuff into kindle but it required additional syc cable which it is NOT included in the box.0 rubberred backcase is nice, not slippery, and can't be scratched.0 install 3rd party applications which make it just like the other pricy pads like ipad.BADs0 the shut-off button and headphone jack is one the buttom, its not like the ipad on the up, and with some apps that screen oritation is locked, this is very ideally design.0 it does not have microphone. no calls over the internet. (how much it will cost for amazon a  microphone....)0 it does not have these abilities: camera, map, bluetooth.0 it does not come with a syc cable ( this is the worst of everything), so you would have to send  your  documents, picture, or mp3 to your kindle email.0 not addition Lauguage and inputs.0 amazon add stuff into your kindle without notify you!!!anyway, this is decent price tablet, but i am not returning it now. i just want a ebook reader, now the Fire is beyond a reader can do. good job, amazon.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Great Price but Lock of functionality", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1J2ASBLU1BAL8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 16], "reviewText": "I really looked forward to getting this. Tried to register it two ways neither worked have to phone customer support, unfortunately I'm in an area with no cell phone service. Not impressed", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Kindle fire won't register", "unixReviewTime": 1323129600, "reviewTime": "12 6, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1J97V1KB3RU40", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Victoria20110", "helpful": [11, 16], "reviewText": "First and foremost, this *should* be a five star device.  In so many ways it comes close.  But the way it fails is a big one and *should* be easily correctable.  IF Amazon grows a pair and fixes it, I'll revise this review.  I promise.My issue with the Kindle Fire is that it has a whole new take on Privacy.  As in, privacy?  We don't need no stinkin' privacy.All the things that people say about the form factor, the clarity, the speed - those are all exactly on target, as in absolutely fabulous ESPECIALLY if you are a busy, purse carrying woman...and I am.  Where Amazon misses the boat completely is in utterly failing to have user configurable privacy settings.  Unless you screen lock your entire device (and I don't.  I typically lock at the application level for the things I have an obligation to protect - like corporate data.) you literally have NO PRIVACY AT ALL.  I like my portable technology to be like...well...a book.  I pick up and go. But that also means that sometimes I like my book to be locked...like diary, the contents of which are only known to me.Yes. That's what I am saying.  Amazon has completely LEFT PRIVACY OUT!Which means that if I show my device to even one person they will not only know the details of ALL of my reading material they will even know if I've been reading it recently.  It *used* to be that I could hide some of my reading preferences just by archiving up to the cloud.  But now?  No.  Now the cloud library looks just like the regular device bookshelf.  As a result, the moment I show the device to one of the 40+ friends who have been waiting for my review on the Fire (you know the ones...who say \"I'm going to wait and see what you think first\" and then when you show them your new device and sing its praises they buy one that night.) they know EVERYTHING I've been reading.  They know what I own.  They even when I read it.  I can't even hide it on the web via the archive function like I used to do because, ahem, the archive function looks JUST like the regular bookshelf.  It's the cloud baby and it's just that fast.  Oh, and one accidental press and that bad boy is back on your device...rather like finding yourself drunk at a bar and the next thing you know you have an itch in some place you don't want to have an itch.  Wait, Wait, Wait - I didn't *mean* to lead you on...get out of my account/device.  Too late.  There it is.  From the looks of things probably forever.  Because really, can you tell the difference between the cloud and your device on this?  Uh. NO.  And that *ought* to be a good thing.Oh wait.  There's more. It's not just books.  No.  Amazon managed to screw up the web too.  So if you've visited a site, even accidentally, anyone who looks opens the web app will know.  Why, you can't even clear the history.  No. Really.  I'm not kidding.  You do NOT want to see what showed up when I used it to search for a new Gynecologist.  Epic fail.  Will need to stick with the old one for a while longer.  My eyes will never be the same.Who designs like that?So I have lots of technology (iPad, iTouch, Droid, multiple computers, etc) and I have the new Fire.  Which I had such hopes for (and still do - really - it's a SOFTWARE FIX). And I have my doubts that this holiday season I'll be sharing the value of the Fire as a Gift.  I will probably get one for my daughter though...because I'll be able to see EVERYTHING she's been doing.  But she's 15. I'm not.Oh, and for the record, the Carousel?  Stupidest idea out of Amazon yet.Now I'm off for a another search of Apps to see if I can overcome this problem without having to load the traditional Android screen (yuck.)  Tomorrow is thanksgiving and I'm still *hoping* (but dwindling fast) that I'll be able to show this to my family - including my 68 year old mother...who is a minister.  Sigh.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Privacy Concerns in a Whole New Light", "unixReviewTime": 1322006400, "reviewTime": "11 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1KBLOGNVRROU2", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 16], "reviewText": "I ordered the Kindle Fire as a gift for my husband. It was shipped USPS in a bigger, typical \"Amazon\" box with zero mention on the outside of what it contained. The much talked about box with \"kindle fire\" written on the outside was gift-wrapped and tucked safely inside some air cell plastic. It did arrive pre-registered to my email account even though it was a gift.Right out of the box, the Kindle Fire was 73% charged and two seconds later it was dead.My husband has had it for about two hours and it is still stuck on the \"splash screen\" with \"kindle fire\" showing on a black screen.He is trying to manually update the firmware on the kindle but so far, zero success. Amazon live chat support is suggesting a new one be sent to us and this one sent back to Amazon.Not very convenient and not a good first impression of a product we were very excited about.I'll update this review once we have our issues resolved. I cannot review the product further at this time since it cannot and will not go beyond its initial screen.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Unusable Right Out of the Box", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1MGLBIAZ843DW", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 16], "reviewText": "Ok so I love my kindle (keyboard) have had one for years. I love amazon, have been a prime member and fan of their cloud platform. That said the fire is extremely disappointing. They have nutored the android operatng system to such a point that you can not even download google (the maker of android) applications... thats right no native gmail... or google anything. Can not download or install your own apps if they need a log in. Impossibly obtuse app and product store... overall the experience is awful. I had high hopes but am probably going to root the device and install my own operating system until such time as amazon decides to get their heads out of their buts and fix their product. I am looking for backups to all my amazon purchases now... I just don't know if I can trust amazon after this...", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "I would wait... or just skip it", "unixReviewTime": 1321660800, "reviewTime": "11 19, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1N4XN8H8UNLIE", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 16], "reviewText": "Cheaper material, poor quality, I had to return it.  Problem with the wi-fi, slow and sluggish system, horrible keyboard.  Don't think to buy one like it.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Nothing good, just a piece of crap.", "unixReviewTime": 1324425600, "reviewTime": "12 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1NPXU0ME6C6QB", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 16], "reviewText": "Received my Kindle Fire two days ago and have reluctantly decided to return it.  Unfortunately, with access ONLY to those apps available through Amazon, and no availability to the full Android market results in a badly crippled Android device.  NONE of the Android apps that I have become accustomed to using on a daily basis are available through Amazon.  While it is without doubt a step-up from the capabilities my existing Kindle, the lack of access to the full range of Android apps, especially those I use regularly, results in a real disappointment and makes it not worth the upgrade cost.  I'd rather spend a little more and have a fully functioning Android device.  If you don't already have a Kindle, or you are not currently a heavy user of Android apps, then you'll probably be happy with the capabilities.  Unfortunately the Kindle Fire just does NOT meet MY needs or expectations.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "A Crippled Android Device", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1OWGHU7THVOFE", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 16], "reviewText": "The Fire has a great screen visually, but responsiveness varied widely. The one I had died on the first day... Let it charge, used it for an hour and turned it off with the battery symbol showing full charge. Could not get it to turn back on a short time later (even while plugged in). Sent it back the next day. It's not a fire, just a spark.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "One Day and Done", "unixReviewTime": 1323129600, "reviewTime": "12 6, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1PX55RXKO2HZ6", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 16], "reviewText": "I've owned several Kindles and loved them.  I had been holding out on getting a tablet, since I wasn't sure what I needed it for, but at $200, and since it was in the Kindle family, I decided to give the Kindle Fire a try.  Unfortunately, I'm returning it.Here's what I didn't like:- it's really heavy- the screen is small -- much smaller than an iPad -- and doesn't look all that great- the device hung up playing videos over the web, to the extent that I couldn't get it to stop or pause- typing on the screen was very hard for me- the glass smudged more than other touch-screen devices I've usedMore to the point, maybe I just don't really need a pad.  I love my Kindle for books, my laptop for many things, and my Android phone when I can't use my laptop -- perhaps it's not the Fire's fault I didn't really find a place for it.  I'm seeing people with their iPads and maybe I was just trying to be a cool kid, too.  But the Fire didn't do it.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "I guess I don't really need a tablet", "unixReviewTime": 1322784000, "reviewTime": "12 2, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1R9TQ4PDF83ES", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 16], "reviewText": "Since I received my Kindle fire a week ago, set up the new router with a Netgear technician, my problemhas seemed to be insurmountable!  I am unable to connect WiFi, therefore I cannot use the Kindle. IHave spoken with at least 10 tecs at Amazon and thus far my problem is not solved.  It appears thatI was sent the 6/0 Version that must be upgraded to 6.1.  It appears that I need to have a U|SB connectcable hook up with the Internet to download the newer version to my Kindle.  Amazon is currently outof the necessary USB cable and I am told it will be at least 13 days before they can mail one to me.Had I know it would be this much of a hassle, I would have joined Netflix and dusted off my librarycard!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "NOTHING BUT PROBLEMS!!", "unixReviewTime": 1321747200, "reviewTime": "11 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1RFU19DE4VLV9", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Tristan Ng", "helpful": [13, 16], "reviewText": "I have never owned any eBooks in my life and Kindle Fire never disappoint me! The touch screen is very responsive and the web browser is very fast. I haven't found anything that I don't like on this device yet. The best thing is the price is 2 times less than an iPad! I would give it 10 stars if I were able to :)", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Superb", "unixReviewTime": 1321660800, "reviewTime": "11 19, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1RX6HDJTOM81U", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "happyusa98001", "helpful": [12, 16], "reviewText": "It's a like a netbook vs. a real notebook. Not impossible to use but doesn't do anything great.Sure it's cheap like a netbook was but over a 2-3 year period the extra $ for an iPad or refurbished iPad is really a non issue. And if you really just wanted gaming, chat, quick email the iPod is a much better buy for the same money.The Kindle Fire is quite slow but not impossible to use. The 7\" screen is OK if you travel but just know the screen is less than half of the iPad so when you browse web pages there is a lot of scrolling. Just like a netbook, the Kindle Fire 7\" screen is just too small for continous usage.The UI is simple. There is some slowness and lack of responsiveness to the UI. A software update should fix that soon.The graphics performance is sub par. Games like Angry Bird do play but slowly unless you turn off the graphic background. The iPod would be MUCH better for gaming and provide 2-3x better battery life for on the road.  I can't imagine it will play popular games well as these get introduced in the next 2-3 years if the Kindle Fire already plays yesterdays games a bit slow.Most fundamentally, the UI is so locked into Amazon store and it feels very commercial. The price is obviously subsidized in a way you know you will pay up due to future purchases via Amazon. No surprise here but a  bit like how commercial/Google TV might be in the future.  Like big brother is watching you serving up product suggestions and ads that reflect your specific past browsing/Amazon purchases. The objective is get as much $ from you over the lifecycle of this device.  There are advantages to this for sure but also downsides. It's a personal preference.Lastly, Im really trying to find a usage scenario where Kindle Fire stands out. For ebook the Kindle Touch or Nook is much better. For games, browsing, email, calender, games the ipad or iPod is soo much better as is your PC or MAc if size doesn't matter. For email and texting a  smartphone would also do better. Watching movies from Amazon.. sure but would you really do this on a 7\" screen at home or rather from your TV or PC.How many stars?  I'm  surprised to see a lot of 5 star reviews done by people who state they have had the device 5 days already... I got my unit on the first day of general delivery,, these must be early seed units specifically delivered by Amazon to get positive reviews meaning Amazon itself is influencing the Amazon rating system...  It true, this would be poor ethics and might indicate what you should expect from a subsidized device experience.Sure the $199 price is great and it CAN do a lot of things but not very well - so two stars for trying.Had it shipped 18 months ago it would had been an amazing product but now  there are just so many good alternatives including the iPod and Kindle Touch or a cheap $300 notebook so my unit goes back.Additional feedback: Been using the Fire for more than a week now.  Prefer my old Kindle for ebooks (lighter and better battery life). For browsing it's fun in the beginning but the screen is just too small to use it every time.  And battery life of about 4-5 hrs. is just a bit short for the road.  This one is goign back.  Maybe next time.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "It's ok but not great", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1RZ6FYB0UMWKQ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 16], "reviewText": "I wanted asked for an e-reader for Christmas and my boyfriend gave me the Kindle Fire.  I had to spend another $30 on a wireless router in order to use it and it took a lot of time to figure out that by setting it to be and 'access point', the web browsing finally got to an acceptable level.Like so many others, the power button is in a bad place and way too sensitive.  The other thing that cheezes me off is that in order to get the software update that fixes the privacy and shelf issues, you have to buy the usb cable to hook it up to your PC.  By the time I purchased a case and the USB and the Prime subscription, well, I'd spent almost as much as the Fire cost.  Amazon will absolutely nickel & dime you to death, but I love my Fire so much, I'll grin and bear it.Easy to hold and read and navigate and it takes \"Too many books, too little time\" to a whole new level!", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Just what I wanted", "unixReviewTime": 1325462400, "reviewTime": "01 2, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A1SDACGERWZ3A1", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 16], "reviewText": "This is my second try at buying a tablet.  I bought the HP TouchPad and returned it when it could not interface with my HP wireless Office Jet.  However, other than that it did all that I expected or wanted it to do.  Setting it up was a breeze and entering information was easy. There were a sufficient amount of applications available and installing them was no problem.This was not my experience with the Kindle Fire.  There are virtually no instructions.  The \"keyboard\" is for someone with tiny hands who can strike the keys directly in the center, not even a little bit off center.  I wear size small golf glove so my fingers are not large. Trying to use the tablet to type any amount of information would take forever.  I had hopes of being able to type notes for myself during meetings/hearings to be printed out a later time.  I could not imagine doing that with this keyboard.It is incredibly slow. I was extremely disappointed with the apps available.  Perhaps I should have waited until the bugs were eliminated, but I didn't.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "I bought it today, will return it tomorrow", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1SRCI44WVZKRN", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 16], "reviewText": "I am going to wait to purchase the Kindle Fire.  I really want to buy it but without being able to have that ability to expand the storage space, it just isn't worth it right now.  I have an iPod touch with 64GB and I am always out of space.  I love the commercials and the whole idea of the Kindle Fire but that lack of storage is really a show stopper for me.Update - I finally bought a Kindle Fire last summer.  The main reason I bought it was because I could store my movie and music purchases on it.  As long as it was a backup to my Acer android tablet,  it okay.  The screen on my Acer cracked so for now,  my. Kindle is my primary device.  It kind of sucks for Facebook.  This Kindle Fire's autocorrect is actually over correct - horribly bad!!! You would not believe how bad.  If,  you want a device to store movies,  Tv shows,  kindle and audible books for offline use,  this device should be okay.  Be warned,  there are lots of cool apps out there. For android that are also available for Kindle Fire but they are really water downed and you cant get ad - free versions even though they are out there.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "There are better tablets out there", "unixReviewTime": 1322179200, "reviewTime": "11 25, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1TA0V67E9Y2O8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 16], "reviewText": "I used some credits from my Amazon Visa to essentially get a Fire for free, but I am sending it back, its too heavy, too slow, I HATE ... I REPEAT HATE, the stupd \"bookshelf\" UI, about as much as I hate it in iPad iBooks UI ...its not a good Kindle, and its not really a great tablet, its purely a delivery mechanism for Amazon digital content, and I want more from a device than that ... it *should* fall somewhere between an iPod/iPhone and iPad, butit simply doesn't ...As for web browsing ... any sort of forms input is a particular type of repetitive torture that should be outlawed by the Geneva Conventions ...so ... back it goes ...", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "I wanted to like it...", "unixReviewTime": 1323216000, "reviewTime": "12 7, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1UJ328XO2NIDC", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 16], "reviewText": "My dad pre-ordered two Kindle Fire's for my mom and I for Christmas and I've been reading reviews like a mad woman since it was shipped and received by the first person. And I also went to Best Buy and played with one because I don't have the patience to wait till Christmas. That said, I read a lot of reviews that said there is no home button from the books but actually, there is. You have to tap the bottom and the settings for the book, home button included, come up. So those who said it didn't have that, obviously haven't figured that out yet. Also, I read on several reviews that the screen is too bright and that you can't lower the brightness but in actuality - you can. I'm kind of disappointed with the reviews because it'll turn a lot of people off, when a lot of the reviews aren't totally accurate.I know I don't have one, so no need to chew my head off, but it just bothered me that a lot of reviews weren't completely accurate. Especially since I only played with the Kindle Fire for a few minutes and found the home button and brightness settings right away.... Hmmm.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "First of all, I haven't gotten mine yet but....", "unixReviewTime": 1321660800, "reviewTime": "11 19, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1WJ8JYH1KQ4G", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 16], "reviewText": "Pros:Reading -- good, easy software, but requires a cover with strap so you can hold it properly.Cost -- cheap, made in China for consumersAmazon supportCons:Weight -- heavyScreen -- too small for video, ghosting (keyboard burns in screen, images linger)Bad browser -- closed tabs reopen randomly, difficult to type in text boxes, very slow loading on speedy wifiLimited market -- like all bad tablets and devices, the market is restricted to Amazon approved appsLimited customization -- Amazon software restricts Android OS, only customization available is add/remove carousel and favorites [boring]Vending machine -- $15 ebooks, $4 TV shows, $5 appsMemory -- Small, have to rely on Amazon's cloudThermal -- gets quite hotSecurity -- none. If lost or stolen, can easily be exploitedCheap -- made in China with low-wage and possible labor abusePower button -- placement is awkward, easily turned off by mistakeI got this as a gift in December. This month I had to get it replaced, as it stopped charging. The charger plugs into the bottom of the Fire, and it is very loose; I feel it will stop charging again. Poorly designed and manufactured abroad.Bottom line: This will appeal to technology-newbs and those who can't afford a better tablet. But this technology is already obsolete. Spend a bit more and maximize your return. Go for iPad, a real Android tablet -- or better, wait for Windows 8 tablets. This was a gift, so I won't return it, but I may sell it. I do not like it very much at all. It's good for reading, but the ebooks are overpriced. You can buy hardcover for the price. Overall, I really can't recommend. I wanted very much to like it, but unfortunately the cons vastly outweigh the advantages.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Kindle Ire -- Portable Vending Machine", "unixReviewTime": 1332201600, "reviewTime": "03 20, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A1Y2NTA3NPOUB", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 16], "reviewText": "I am apparently among the Fire owners whose device won't connect to their WiFi. Search and you'll find a lot of us are having connectivity problems. I have had the device for 2 days now and still cannot get it to work at all. Amazon is apparently not owning up to the issue in hopes it can fix the problem before the word gets out. Will more than likely return it and buy an IPad. Have tried all the fixes suggested on the user forums but no success. I am a website administrator, so not a total dolt. I would love to see it in action but am giving up hope and don't know what else to try. Not a good experience and a huge disappointment. My original Kindle 3G WiFi worked like a charm from the get-go. NOT the Fire. Beware. Be forewarned.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Have had the Fire for 2 days and it still won't connect to my WiFi", "unixReviewTime": 1321747200, "reviewTime": "11 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1Z4C4SXLO09NU", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 16], "reviewText": "At the outset I expected the Kindle Fire to out perform other readers, and it did. However, it is not powered to really compete with most of the real tablets of its kind. It needs to be 3G. The WiFi is the same as the WiFi in the Kindle. It is not compatible with peer-to-peer open networks. I was in the same building with my old XP laptop, and maintained a very good to excellent signal, but with the Kindle WiFi version, I couldn't get on no matter where I went or how close I got to the hot spot.If, and when, the Fire comes out with the 3G model, I'll look to be more impressed. Until then, I'll keep my Kindle 3G.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Not yet...?", "unixReviewTime": 1322006400, "reviewTime": "11 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A21TXQTYHOT6VV", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 16], "reviewText": "I tried to like the Fire for a week.  The battery life is terrible, even with the wi-fi turned off.  On my old Kindle, I could access the store, purchase a book, etc.  While I am at work during lunch, I can only access what is already on my device.  My old Kindle didn't restrict things in this way.  I am sending it back and getting the Touch 3D", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Disappointed", "unixReviewTime": 1321920000, "reviewTime": "11 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A221BGH6VCE9NW", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 16], "reviewText": "Bought this for my 9 year old daughter.  There are a few problems with this:1) Can't delete preinstalled apps.  Facebook, weather channel, and my daughter really loves the ESPN Sports update.2) Cant shut off the 1 click purchase option so my daughter can buy as much as my credit card can handle.3) The scrolling is very jittery.4) Can't install other reader apps.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Not For Kids", "unixReviewTime": 1323388800, "reviewTime": "12 9, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A23DDD55T58BEF", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Ms Toy", "helpful": [14, 16], "reviewText": "I was lookin at several reviews and everyone said that there was no way to lock your Kindle...well guess what???!!! They're wrong lol. Tap the screen in the upper right hand corner of your Kindle...next to the Wifi and battery icons....Click on more....next click on security....Turn Lock screen password ON....choose your password...and BAM!!!! The Kindle is locked from the nosey ppl ;)  U can thank me now lol.....smooches", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Yes its possible to have your Kindle Fire password protected....", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A253IE7TJ2I123", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 16], "reviewText": "I bought the Kindle Fire with very high hopes, and even advocated it to a whole bunch of people long before it was shipped out. I knew some of the drawbacks before hand (no volume keys, no hardware/software keys, no camera(s), no bluetooth, no sd card slot, no TV out) but still decided to give it a try.The first problem I noticed was the screen. The first unit I received was bleeding backlight at multiple locations. I waited a few days to let the glue dry and that fixed some of the spots but there were still many other locations backlight was bleeding from. I exchanged the unit and the new unit did not have this issue.The touch screen was very finicky. The carousal on the front screen would not stop at the right location and the accuracy of the screen was very poor. I had to click on apps multiple times in order to activate them. Scrolling was jerky and inconsistent. Using the on-screen keyboard was more difficult than it was on my 4 inch Galaxy phone!Silk browser was a big letdown. I compared the speed with my Android phone and my phone loaded pages much faster than the Fire! Silk may be optimizing the downloads but I did not see any benefit, even on a 3G connection (FYI, Kindle Fire does not have 3G but I used a 3G/WiFi bridge)Amazon app store choice is limited and the experience is a little quirky. Some of the apps are not at their latest version.The overall user interface is not very intuitive. I wish the Tablet was not modified and skinned so drastically by Amazon. Kindle Fire sometimes feels like a cheesy brew based app interface.The Tablet is supposed to have a dual core CPU but I could not experience it. The interface was slow, scrolling was jittery, browsing was slow, rebooting took a while and overall, the tablet did not feel very fast.The device feels a little heavy for its size and is not very comfortable to hold for long periods.As an e-Reader, it is a big fail. No hardware buttons for page turns is a big bother, especially for those of us used to previous Kindles. Had the touch screen not been such a pain, perhaps this would not be a problem. The screen is not designed for bright light or night reading. I will stick to my 2nd generation Kindle reader which IS an amazing piece of equipment.I am sure many people will buy the Kindle Fire and live with it just for the fact that it is less than $200 but I got another 7\" Android Tablet by HTC (EVO View) which has 2 cameras, bluetooth, volume keys, touch sensitive buttons, a smooth Android experience and feels/looks/works a whole lot better, for about $220. So, the price advantage of the Kindle fire goes out the window.As much as I hate to return stuff, this is one item I am returning to Amazon! I even bought a cover for it which I can not return so I will keep it as a souvenir or gift it to someone who has not returned their Kindle Fire yet.==========================Bottom line: I do not recommend the Kindle Fire. Please read the entire review and make your decision.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Big letdown - returned", "unixReviewTime": 1323993600, "reviewTime": "12 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A25UKOPCDIZF1N", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Tech Man", "helpful": [15, 16], "reviewText": "I've been looking for a device like this for a while now and finally found what I was looking for in a tablet.  I wanted it to be wireless, stream Netflix and Amazon Prime videos, have access to my music, check my email and browse the Internet.  The Kindle Fire does all of those things and more.  I love that it also has access to advanced apps that I can use for work like RDP.  It goes with me everywhere.  My kids love playing Angry Birds and other games on it that can keep them occupied when need be.As for the missing stuff like cameras, gps & bluetooth.  My phone has cameras and a gps and I don't ever use the Fire for typing large documents so a bluetooth keyboard isn't necessary.  It's compact, light and very easy to carry and use without fatigue.  Love it!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Great tablet at a great price!", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2696XY2YMREGV", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 16], "reviewText": "We had high expectations for the kindle fire.  But you get what you pay for.  The operating system is clumsy.  We experience trouble connecting to the wifi and Internet.  I agree with many of the points from the 1star reviews.  Our 10 year old daughter bought it with her savings.  She is underwhelmed.  3 stars because of the low price point.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Buyer's remorse", "unixReviewTime": 1322265600, "reviewTime": "11 26, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A27AUTJPI86JJ2", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Larry Williams", "helpful": [14, 16], "reviewText": "I'm giving it a five right now.only had it a couple of hours. I don't know about the proffesional critics. But I think the function is great.seems plenty responsive and fast to me. I don't need the camera,have that on my phone. I don't need a lot of space,music takes the most.have my phone or touch for that. Movies will go on and come off. Don't need pemenant storage for that. I'm a prime customer so I also have access to streaming. Plus netflix. I'm typing on it now. No problem.So far,so good.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "so far,so good", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A28AM446LBHBOI", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 16], "reviewText": "This is the most disapointing buy I have done so far in Amazon. First and above all, I am living in Dominican Republic and \"surprise!\": nothing of this device works in Dominican Republic! Even I paid for the device, I can't have access to the application store, since the device doesn't have a sync cable as part of the package, I can't transfer neither my books nor my songs to it.I can't use the cloud, because, again, I am living in Dominican Republic. The best of all is that I couldn't find in the marvelous resume of the device Amazon has in the starting page a sinlge bit of infotmation saying that there are restrictions to use the device outside the USA. This was a present for my wife, but now is the most frustrating present I've ever get for her.Now, I must order for the cable and pray that when I connected to the PC it can be recognized and transfer at least some books and music.People living in Dominican Republic, do not even try to buy this.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Disapointing", "unixReviewTime": 1329436800, "reviewTime": "02 17, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A28MO1RFC0J989", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 16], "reviewText": "I am so disappointed with my Kindle Fire that I may return it.  First, the Touch Screen is too sensitive.  If I just get a finger near the screen, but not touching it, the Kindle reacts as though I had touched it.  Drives me crazy!  If I keep this Kindle Fire, I may have to buy a case for it so I can watch without touching the device.  Of course, that will make it even heavier.  Second, I like to read/watch the Kindle Fire in bed.  Duh!  When I lie on my side, the Kindle changes from a horizontal to a vertical screen.  Very frustrating.  Third, I have arthritis in my hands.  The Kindle Fire is really too heavy to hold without getting pain in my wrist and thumb.  On the positive side, I love being able to watch movies on the Kindle Fire.  However, the sound on the Kindle is not loud enough, so I have to wear ear phones to listen to a movie sound track.This is my first touch screen device. I'm so glad I didn't invest in an iPad or iPhone. And I still may send my Kindle Fire back to Amazon.com.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Huge Disappointment!", "unixReviewTime": 1321833600, "reviewTime": "11 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A28OEJHG4RJF24", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "O. Brunette", "helpful": [11, 16], "reviewText": "The Kindle Fire does not include the Read-to-Me feature. i.e. there is no text to speech. I had been using the news blogs through text to speech as my primary use of the Kindle so the Fire is a non starter. The decision is apparently because this product is really intended to be for video and not reading. If that is so, then it really needs to be more strongly indicated.The lack of Read-to-Me should be stated in the feature comparison table on the Kindle Fire product page.According to customer service \"Text-to-Speech is only available on Kindle Keyboard, Kindle DX, and Kindle 2nd Generation.\"I for one would buy a software added that restored the Read-to-Me feature. As it is the Fire is a non option for me. And thank you, but no I don't want to be buying and replacing two kindles!", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Be careful the Fire does not have text-to-speach", "unixReviewTime": 1322438400, "reviewTime": "11 28, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A29SVM7D68YRFR", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 16], "reviewText": "Although I quickly had doubts about the Fire, the deal-breaker was that there are no parental controls. There is no way to control what content the kids can watch and, more importantly, there is no way to disable music, movie, and app purchases. The Fire requires you to link it to your Amazon account (even the free apps won't work if you deregister it) and purchases are linked to your 1-Click payment method. Worse yet, you don't even need a password to buy something. Anyone with physical access to the device can rack up hundreds or thousands of dollars in purchases with no more thought or effort than it takes to click a button.My wife and I bought two Fires for the family to supplement our iPad. Our kids are 2, 5, and 16 and the iPad is a precious shared resource. But we thought that for less than the price of one iPad we could get two tablets that would browse and play games adequately.  Unfortunately, whether by oversight or design, the Fire is not for kids or most teens. We shipped them back the next day.I took one out of the box and started setting it up. Functionally it seemed -- to use the word again -- adequate. It was a bit sluggish and the interface was a little clunky.  My wife had doubts about whether our two-year-old could use it, but he's proficient on the iPad and we finally decided he would be fine.  The configuration menus weren't intuitive, and switching between local content and the cloud seems kludgey. Several times I had to think about where I was and how to get back to the rest of my apps or content. But all in all, it seemed adequate.Then I tried to buy a paid app. The selection was rather limited but I suspect the app store will get more content. I found a game that my son likes on the iPad and clicked Purchase. And that was it! Wham! Charged to my 1-Click payment method. No confirmation. No password. No pin number. Easy. Way too easy.I looked through the settings, the eManual, the support forums, and Google. Nowhere could I find any way to restrict purchases or disable 1-Click. I called Amazon technical support and they confirmed it. The ONLY thing you can disable is in-app purchases.I see three main groups of people who might want the Fire: 1) People who want an e-reader that is capable of doing a bit more, 2) adults who want a less expensive or less locked-down alternative to the iPad for themselves, and 3) people who want to get a tablet for their kids but don't want to spend $500 on an iPad that might get lost or broken. As part of the last group, the Fire utterly failed to meet our expectations.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "No Parental Controls!  No Security!", "unixReviewTime": 1321660800, "reviewTime": "11 19, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2AFMTNHKWM0WZ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 16], "reviewText": "Wouldn't boot up.  After two months of anticipation, I would be lying if I said I wasn't disappointed!They are supposed to ship a new one with next day delivery.  But it is 5:40 PM on a Friday night, and the status is still \"shipping soon\".I don't have high hopes of getting to play with my new Fire this weekend.Kinda took the fun out of my purchase, and has me questioning the quality of this device.SATURDAY AFTERNOON UPDATE.  I hung around all day.  Still no Kindle.  I tried to track it.  The account section still says that it will arrive today.  But it also says \"shipping soon\".  I called Amazon, and got someone in Jamaica.  She said that it had not shipped, and tried to find out what was going on.  She could not give any fresh information.She told me to give it until the end of the day.  I said, \"Oh, so it has shipped?  What is the tracking number?\".  She didn't have one.  I asked her if I was being \"handled\".  I told her that I felt like she was just getting rid of me.  She finally admitted that she didn't think it had shipped either.She said to check back if I had not received it by the end of the day on Monday. I doubt they are shipping today.I JUST WISH SOMEONE AT AMAZON WOULD BE HONEST WITH ME!  They are spending all this money on a rollout, basically to sell me a device that is designed to sell me more of thier content.  Is this really how they want to begin this new relationship?More on Monday!Okay.  It is TUESDAY NIGHT  Where do I begin?Kindle Fire #2 arrived today.  Guess what?  It is defective.  It wouldn't connect to my home network.  The network is working fine, with multiple devices.  I verified and re-verified my network key.  No luck.Long calls to tech support.  I was finally told to go to another location, and try the WiFi there.  I went to a smokey bar, and the fire connected for about three minutes.  It was great, then it lost the connection and would not connect again.  My cell phone ran down on an endless call to tech support.  The rep did not speak enough English to understand my problem.I was told I had \"old\" software.  This thing only launched a week ago!  I learned how to download the new software to my laptop, and was going to load it on the Fire.  But I checked the documentation, and it was the same I already had.I went home, and called Amazon again.  After about 45 minutes, a lady in the Philippines agreed to ship me a THIRD Kindle Fire.  I am supposed to get it on Friday.  A week after the first broken on arrived.I can't believe that I am going to try a third one.  MORE ON FRIDAY!!!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "First two defective.  Horrible tech support.  Lying reps.", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2AXSRQQOJCP7Y", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 16], "reviewText": "thanks to kindle and nook's lack of planning for parental controls, i have to buy 2 ipads for my kids this holiday!!!!Kindle Fire, Full Color 7\" Multi-touch Display, Wi-Fi", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "no parental controls", "unixReviewTime": 1323734400, "reviewTime": "12 13, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2B218JO132I5O", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 16], "reviewText": "How can Amazon require unrestricted one-click credit card access when they must know that some people will give them to minors?  Unacceptable and because this wasn't disclosed when purchasing is very close to fraud.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "One-click credit card requirement is ridiculous", "unixReviewTime": 1324857600, "reviewTime": "12 26, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2CLBSWXI51NF3", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 16], "reviewText": "To begin, the Kindle Fire is Not a \"small iPad.\" I don't have many needs, but primarily I wanted to listen to Pandora while on the treadmill or whenever, like I do with my husband's iPad.Problems: since the Kindle is so small, Pandora's pause, play and skip buttons are tiny. And then there were numerous pop up ads (which I did not get on the iPad), right above the buttons, so as you can imagine accessing the buttons was difficult because of their size and then it was hard to touch only the skip button and avoid the ads.Also, I know the Kindle is primarily a book reader and thus doesn't require a lot of volume but for listening to music, I wasn't able to increase the volume past a point and it just wasn't loud enough for me.Next, the screen is not very sensitive, on many occasions, I had to touch the screen multiple times to make a connection, unlike on the iPad which has a very sensitive and responsive screen.It was frustrating not to have the 3G option, so if you want to access the internet you have to have a wireless network available.Lastly, if you are used to using bluetooth headsets, remember the Kindle Fire is not bluetooth compatible.The real show stopper for me was that it started to freeze up on Pandora. It just kept buffering up to 96% and then stop. So I checked if it would go to Amazon and it did, so I knew it wasn't a network problem.I took out the iPad, put it side by side next to the Kindle and the iPad went right to Pandora with no problem. So it wasn't a Pandora problem but a Kindle problem.What we loved about the Kindle was getting the newspaper delivered overnight, so that it would be there in the morning at the touch of a button. That was great and then that failed, it just didn't deliver. We had to reset the whole Kindle to make it download the newspaper.So sadly, the Kindle does not work for us. It's cute as a button though! You can't beat that. And the reader is great.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Too flawed", "unixReviewTime": 1324166400, "reviewTime": "12 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2D6VVIV1AEWBJ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 16], "reviewText": "First of all, there is no card slot for additional storage.  Just about every other comparable device out there has one so why not any of the Kindle family?  Second, what ever happened to Whispernet?  My Kindle 2 has it and I can get basic internet with it.  Surely there must be a way to incorporate that feature in the newer Kindles so that the internet is available when you're not near 3G or wi-fi connections. Lastly, why isn't there a 10\" version?  Is there one planned for a future release?  If not, why not?  I've been considering a Kindle Fire but for not much more money, I can get a lot more features with fewer drawbacks in a regular tablet.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "What isn't on the Fire.", "unixReviewTime": 1322697600, "reviewTime": "12 1, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2HUC3LVHL4T1U", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 16], "reviewText": "It is too complicated for me.  I make a big mistake buying this item.  I am technologically challenged and the instructions are only in English ,", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Too complicated", "unixReviewTime": 1325548800, "reviewTime": "01 3, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A2J0M6OJZSHPW3", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 16], "reviewText": "NO FARMVILLE,NO POGO GAMES NO JAVA BUT TOP SHELF QUALITY FEEL!!RETURNED BACK TO BEST BUY BECAUSE IT DOES WHAT A SMART PHONE CAN DO IT IS A READER AND A LITTLE BIT INTERNET.DELL IS COMING OUT WITH A WINDOWS 7 TABLET WITH JAVA & ADOBE FLASH THAT WILL PLAY FARMVILLE & CITYVILLE & POGO.COMLEAVE IT TO DELL TO COME THROUGH AGAIN", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "COMMON BUT TOP QAULITY BODY", "unixReviewTime": 1330214400, "reviewTime": "02 26, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A2K0S90DN9N3WU", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 16], "reviewText": "I purchased two Kindle Fires for my sons.  The device is neat with a crisp clear screen.  HOWEVER... once the device is unlocked from the home screen, anything can be purchased with out a an additional password.  Letting your kids play with it, is like handing them an open credit card.  Lose it on the subway, you better just close your bank account.  Amazon NEEDS to add password capabilities when the \"buy\" button is clicked.  I will be returning the two I purchased.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Great except for the 1-click purchasing", "unixReviewTime": 1322956800, "reviewTime": "12 4, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2K9Q78OIJR8PY", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 16], "reviewText": "Bought the Kindle Fire for my wife to replace her iPad.  Nice divice but doesn't compare to the iPad 1 or 2.  No as intuitive as the iPad or other Android type tablets.  Not sure it's worth $199.  Price should be more around $100.Nice screen.  A little slow.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1325376000, "reviewTime": "01 1, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A2LAKH7K69VKK7", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Thomas M. Mcdonnell", "helpful": [15, 16], "reviewText": "I received my Kindle Fire yesterday and had it updated, registered and usable within five minutes. So far I've used it to read a couple chapters of a book, look through the Kindle Fire user guide briefly, played some Angry Birds, poked around in Quick Office, browsed Amazon and my ESPN fantasy football website and setup a couple of different email accounts.So far everything has worked basically the same as it would on my iPad. The organization is different, but straight-forward and easy to figure out. The one thing so far that is a bit frustrating is there is no way to just randomly play music from your collection. You have to specifically setup playlists, which again isn't difficult, but is a little bit annoying as I'm they type of person that just wants to hit play and hear music. On the other hand, I didn't buy this device to listen to music on a regular basis, so it's not that big of a deal.I find the eBook functionality a bit friendlier and easier on the eyes than iBooks on the iPad. The \"pages\" are obviously smaller than the larger screen on the iPad, but the device is also smaller and lighter to hold. I also like that on the Kindle Fire I have the option of choosing a different background color when reading my eBooks either white, cream or black background. I found the cream background with black text to be a good combination.As far as App availability, I've found most all of the apps and games that I use on my iPad are also available for the Kindle Fire from the Amazon App Store with the exception of Civilization Revolution. The selection isn't nearly as large as the Apple App Store or the Android Marketplace, but there are a ton of apps listed in both of those places that aren't worth the trouble of downloading.Bottom line, so far I'm am happy with the Kindle Fire, at this point I think I'll use it mainly for eBook reading, casual game play and the iPad will get used for certain games, taking notes during meetings, and apps where the larger screen comes into play.I'll update this review after I've used the device more and have more feedback to offer.NOTE: just read some of the other reviews which mention trouble connecting to WiFi, I've connected to it to two different secured WiFi networks (one 802.11n and one 802.11g) so far and had no problems with either one. The Kindle Fire connected to both networks in a matter of seconds and also reconnected automatically to my home WiFi network when I got back home. That's not to say that other people aren't having trouble, but perhaps it was more an issue of weak signal strength or other issues with the network.I've not had any issues when downloading apps, music or eBooks from my Cloud Drive, either pre-purchased material or new purchases.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Great, small tablet. Easy to use and nearly the same possibilities as the iPad.", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2MAQZEVOXJ9JA", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 16], "reviewText": "I ordered this on April 24th but as of the end of day April 25th it has not yet shipped. can you please ship this.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "please ship", "unixReviewTime": 1335398400, "reviewTime": "04 26, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A2MDPP00NTNE5L", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 16], "reviewText": "1) Its not an Ipad killer, if you want an iPad, buy an iPad (I love my iPad)2) Hate Apple because of its \"closed\" app market? youre Gonna hate this. You can Sideload apps if you know how, but not everything works, its frustrating and unsure what it does to your warranty.3) The GUI? Frustrating!!!! Can be unresponsive. Several presses to do what you want. No hard keys (no home key)This includes volume and mute.. which is a MINOR pain if you have to mute immediately (thanks to aforementioned unresponsive GUI). flipping thru those apps on the main screen? I find I have to swip left/right several times before I can get to the one I want to access4) Their APP store? Other than closed (you HAVE to buy from Amazon, try to go to Googles App store the GUI intercepts and REDIRECTS you to Amazon's App store! LAME!!!) SIMPLY PUT? Not nearly as VAST as APPLES or GOOGLE's. Alot of GOOD stuff missing (ie Dropbox)Hopefully Amazon is still adding stuff to its store. THIS IS THE BIGGEST LET DOWN OF THE FIRE!5)Their books market is top notch, the magazines and newspapers? Lackluster. I read somewhere that its cheaper to buy the PAPER version of the magazine (which includes digital copy) than to subscribe to the kindle-only version. Not too many magazine choices either.6) Streaming? AWESOME! some good shows free with Amazon Prime, streams beautifully. I like this BEST about the Fire.7) websurfing? Its awesome! Thanks to SILK browser and FLASH support websites look and behave like they should (Take THAT Apple) Biggestet problem here is the browser automatically places a thumbnail icon on the main screen of the last site you visited. Dont need anyone turning the Kindle on and seeing what I last visited (if you know what I mean) wish there was a way to STOP it from doing this!Overall? A cheaper buy that an iPad if youre willing to make some sacrifices. No camera or mic, but I dont think thats a major problem for me. Their photo gallery and video gallery for your pics/vids are barebone and lackluster, same with their music playing app. Easier to hold and slide in a pocket than the iPad though, big plus there", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Only review you need to read.", "unixReviewTime": 1322006400, "reviewTime": "11 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2OABHAMFZ8JW", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 16], "reviewText": "My Kindle Fire sort of worked for a few hours. It rebooted a lot. Then, it rebooted and gave me a message about how it was going to wipe everything and start over. And that's where it's stuck. It's going back. Some observations from those few hours when it sorta worked.1. It's heavy for reading in bed.2. I didn't find one decent RSS reader app (one of the main things I want it for besides book reading).3. As a techie-oriented person, I want there to be at least a regular USB port on it.4. I think what I want is a lighter Android tablet, not this hobbled Frankenstein of a pseudo-Android tablet. I don't need a camera. I don't need it to be a pseudo laptop. But I would like it to be lighter, to be usable for RSS feed reading and book reading, as well as music and videos. And I'd like the ability to move data on and off it more easily. See #3.It's just not there yet for me. I think I'll just get an e-ink reader and stick with my Android phone until things get better.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire Screen of Death", "unixReviewTime": 1322352000, "reviewTime": "11 27, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2QZG3ZLETQTPX", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 16], "reviewText": "I am writing this review in my hotel room because I can't watch videos. If you aren't in the US then the Fire is a brick because you can't stream video. And if you don't have a wifi connection you can't shop or get your books. There is no whisper net for the Fire.  At LAX I had to turn on my mobile hot spot on my phone to get a book. Not very cost effective.Also the screen doesn't respond  well to touch. I have to touch icons several times for it to take. Very frustrating.I have a couple of days to decide if I'm keeping it. Right now I don't think so. And I really wanted to like it. I have the kindle 3G and that is much better for reading.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Fire is not for traveling", "unixReviewTime": 1322438400, "reviewTime": "11 28, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2VDANDUP3UFLF", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 16], "reviewText": "I love my original Kindle and thought the Fire would be a great upgrade with apps and web browsing in addition to my book library.  The price point is great, but the Fire is simply terrible to use. For every bit that Apple products are intuitive and responsive, the Kindle Fire is equally not. The web browsing experience is horrible. Just try to zoom in. Maybe it will, maybe it won't. Maybe it'll think you're trying to click. Click on a text field? Maybe it'll show you a keyboard, maybe not. Maybe it'll just select the box. The only time it's responsive is when reading a book when apparently the slightest approach of a finger will turn a page, randomly of course, maybe ahead maybe back, or maybe show you a word zoomed in and highlighted. Who knows. Great price, but wait for Amazon to come up with a better product.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Low cost but disappointing", "unixReviewTime": 1323129600, "reviewTime": "12 6, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2XG3SQIFJ77ID", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "J. A. Murphy", "helpful": [13, 16], "reviewText": "So, two weeks after receiving my Fire I have finally come to my verdict.I bought the first Kindle E Reader three years ago......I took it out of the box and I was addicted.  It was love at first sight.  Since then I do read some books in print form, but it is not my preference.Now I have the \"FIRE\" and at first it did not compare well with my first Kindle.  I missed the \"whispernet\" I was not happy with the glare from the sun, it seemed to have a steep learning curve, and I was pissed that it did not come with a USB plug or a protective Jacket.However, I immediately bought \"11-22-63\" and I really liked seeing the \"Book Cover\"  (these things matter).  Then I started going on the internet and found that I could watch my friends \"Facebook videos\" on my Fire.  Then I played some games (Angry Birds is for the birds) and I was really impressed with the quality of the Graphics.  And lastly I found that I could read in bed without a light...something that is pleasing to me and my husband.  Also I can switch very seemlessly from my Kindle to my Fire........the Kindle will \"sync\" to the furthest page read on my Fire....(this is just magic to me)  The whole idea was to keep one at home and one in my car.  I am now never without my favorite book, and I never need to put this little Kindle in my bag.  I am a free woman !People are grousing about the price of E-books and yaddah yaddah yaddah.....I love the convenience of having all my books stored on one (ok two) little tablets.  If I want a \"jacket\" down the road I will buy one.  I love my Fire. Everyone is talking about the price.....yeah....that's good too.There are still things I need to learn about my Fire, but I am in no rush.It was not love at first sight, but it is love.PS - I love all the free books: Jane Austen, Sinclair Lewis, Charles Dickens,Bronte Sisters, etc.Cool Yule !", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "What started as friendship turned to Love :-)", "unixReviewTime": 1322697600, "reviewTime": "12 1, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2XJE4INZAP2SE", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 16], "reviewText": "I had good experience buying amazon products for the past several years. By far this is the worst purchase I made on amazon. Dont waste you money buying this. Price is just a bait. Its battery is the worst. Apps are terrible. I cant check my email (office). I cant login to exchange server online either. BATTERY BATTERY BATTERY, Oh my god Battery ?? I just cant beieve they know what we need in a tablet. Also, picture is not as good as ipad. Anything I do using Amazon, I can do lot BETTER on ipad. I can happily spend the $$$ to buy ipad and have the enjoyable experience.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Worst Purchase I made on Amazon", "unixReviewTime": 1329523200, "reviewTime": "02 18, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A31XZ78ZW0GDBW", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 16], "reviewText": "I have had the Kindle Fire since the release date.  Here are the major problems I find.1. It is extremely difficult to read in sunlight.2. The majority of the games would not work with out being connecting to the internet.3. Extremely heavy for its size.While on vacation I ended up buying a Kindle Touch so I could read my books in the sunlight.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Mrkevin", "unixReviewTime": 1328227200, "reviewTime": "02 3, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A32V42XHC6PW77", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "gadgetgirl", "helpful": [11, 16], "reviewText": "Just got off the phone with Amazon, and while I have been enjoying my Fire, I am quite irritated that in its description it leads you to believe you do not need the expandable storage it does not provide because all your content can be stored and accessed from the cloud. This is WRONG!! All your Amazon content is stored in the cloud and is accessible from the Fire, but anything else you put in the cloud is not accessible from your Fire. It took over 20 minutes for Amazon customer service to even figure that out after talking to numerous sources.  While the description says, \"Forget about memory - Kindle Fire gives you free storage for all your Amazon digital content in the Amazon Cloud. Your books, movies, music and apps are available instantly to stream or download for free, at a touch of your finger.\" On the Fire, only MP3s and Amazon purchased content are instantly available. You can load movies through the USB and they play fine once you have found them in the gallery, but if you put any in the cloud to access later for a larger assortment, you cannot access them even through the web browser. You can see them, but not download them. This goes for pictures as well. This changes my opinion of the Fire much more than I would have imagined. I knew it did not come with expandable memory, but was under the impression that I would not need it since I had 20 GB of free cloud storage. Now I know this is useless storage.I understand that many people will be fine with that given all the free prime content and yes, I am a prime member, but I liked the idea that I would have access to whatever I wanted including my own content via the cloud as it was worded in such a fashion as to provide me that expectation.The screen is great, I like reading my books on it, and watching the movies I have transferred via USB to the device, as well as playing games on it.  It is a great introductory tablet for those who have never had one such as myself. Although, it can be laggy at times and does get frustrating pushing the same icon over and over to get where you want to go. I have replaced the carousel with another launcher, more like any other android device ( I assume, as I have never owned another android device)because I prefer the icons over the carousel.  The splash screens and wallpaper are not customizable. It is irritating that I can change the wallpaper on the desktop screens but the minute it goes to sleep it changes back to the original kindle pics, which are pretty ugly to look at making it more irritating.Overall, I do like having the device, but I am not sure how long it will be before it just irritates me too much and I give it to my mother. My issues may be only mine, but I thought others should know about the cloud \"issue\" in case they were considering it for those purposes and as I have read from other reviewers the issue also applies to documents that must be loaded via USB to the Fire and cannot be downloaded from the cloud.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "No access to cloud storage unless it came from Amazon or is an MP3, what the ...", "unixReviewTime": 1321833600, "reviewTime": "11 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A33IOFG006TQ3R", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 16], "reviewText": "I wanted to like this, especially given the low price point.  I've been using an iPad version 1.  I feel like I literally have to put my finger through the screen to register a tap.  Also, reading a magazine or newspaper on this is horrible.  The 7\" screen is simply too small.  I am going to box this thing up and send it back.  My old iPad from two years ago is a better fit", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Disappointing", "unixReviewTime": 1322092800, "reviewTime": "11 24, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A346FI78SEPWQM", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 16], "reviewText": "I'm updating my review after using my Kindle Fire a bit more. I'm liking it better but really find the jumpy screen and bad browsing experience very frustrating.  Sometimes I have to tap repeatedly and nothing happens, other times it seems it takes nothing more than a breath of air to make the screen jump.  And this is true with reading as well; I'm really getting tired of seeing the screen jump a page or more for what seems like no reason at all.  I assume that this is something Amazon can fix with a software upgrade. If not, I won't be a happy camper.Another thing I've noticed to complain about is the lack of search capacity (at least that I can find) for the lending library.  I love that the library exists but it would be nice to be able to look through the titles to see if a book I'm interested in is included.  As it is, all you can do is refine by categories and then search for the glimmer of gold through a lot of dross.My complaints about the footnote problems that Amazon has shown itself to be totally unwilling to address still hold and I'm still peeved about the difficulty downloading foreign books. I have tried to order a French book from the Kindle store but when I try to download it, I'm told I have to order it from Amazon.com (which I thought I was doing).  When I do that, I'm told that the book is not available on Amazon.com and I have to go to Amazon.fr but that sends me back to Amazon.com.  But the book is listed in the Kindle bookstore as if it is available for download.  Infuriating!!!!  If they want customers for anything besides novels and self-help books, they really need to deal with this.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Upgraded Review: No Search in Lending Library", "unixReviewTime": 1322524800, "reviewTime": "11 29, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A35ONII0OU74NY", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 16], "reviewText": "I think the videos for prime members are worthless.  Very few of them are worth watching.  I usually end up goingback to Netflix to find a decent movie to watch.  Also there are too many movies that are English dubbed.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "prime videos", "unixReviewTime": 1326758400, "reviewTime": "01 17, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A361O8XAK5D4O1", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 16], "reviewText": "I am reviewing Amazon, since to date they still have not been able to get this irder straight. I ordered this on December 6th. So far, I still don't have it and Amazon will not let me cancel the order", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "DON'T BUY THIS FROM AMAZON", "unixReviewTime": 1325721600, "reviewTime": "01 5, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A37ZZWJEK0DAHH", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 16], "reviewText": "I purchased a kindle fire for Christmas 2011. After using this product sparingly for 1 1/2 months i CANNOT recommend that anyone purchase this item.It has very POOR touch response you can tap the screen 10 times and get No RESPONSE. It is a VERY POOR product and VERY FRUSTATING  to USE.If I Could return it I would. Its $200.00 worth of garbage! BUYER BEWARE!!!!!!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Robt", "unixReviewTime": 1326758400, "reviewTime": "01 17, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A3828O40AMQ04Q", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 16], "reviewText": "received my Fire on 11/21/11  Have spent the last several hours tying to connect to my wireless network.  Now I find out I need the Fire upgrade to 6.1 & I have to purchase a usb cord to do so.Why didn't they send me a Fire with the 6.1 upgrade installed.  Also, in the top right corner it show the owner of the kindle, \"Emma\"  who is Emma?  Did I receive a used Kindle Fire?The FCC & FTC will be hearing about this!", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "misleading info", "unixReviewTime": 1321920000, "reviewTime": "11 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3A96VIKKR8W8W", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 16], "reviewText": "i'm returning my new  Kindle Fire because i have other devices that are a better mix for me: a Kindle keyboard model for dedicated reading and a Google Chromebook for most everything else, including emailing and browsing in bed. (I also have a couple of laptops and desk tops, which i don't use much,  anymore.)My biggest personal dissatisfaction with  Fire is that its screen is too small. (I'm aware, of course,  that many people will find Fire's small screen a plus.)My Chromebook does not suffer from the small screen limitation and, mostly for that reason,  i find it much easier to use than Fire. (By the way, used Google Chromebook prototypes(CR-48) are  available on many Craigslists for less than $200.) I also had an iPad  for 6 months but it flunked the productivity test for me because of its lack of a physical keyboard.I do admire  Fire's many features but they are not important to me. For example, I still prefer watching movies on a large screen TV.If i didn't have a Chromebook, i might be more susceptible to Fire's many charms. But i do.UPDATE: new social phenomena.Nearly 2400 customer reviews have been posted here  in less than a week and a lot of the reviews are very long and detailed.  I've never seen anything like it.What is going on with this? What is it about the K Fire that causes so many people to write so extensively.I have a theory: these K Fire buyers are literate people --primarily book readers--who can read and write; and there is something about the Fire that inspires them to do so. Obviously these customer reviewers are a biased sample not at all representative of the general population,  which is only semi literate, at best,  and can only tweet short responses with their thumbs.Alternative theories welcome.UPDATE 2: Bum Rap department.i've noted lots of criticism of KF for One Click Ordering and not being able to delete Gmails. One Click can be turned off at AMZ account page. Gmails can be deleted at Gmail site. These are not KF problems.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Better Mix", "unixReviewTime": 1321920000, "reviewTime": "11 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3ASO955BKHFQQ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 16], "reviewText": "I bought a kindle fire this weekend.Set up email. Cool!Surfed the web. Awesome. Pretty fast.Downloaded a couple of apps. Nice Selection...Played some games..... pretty cool!Screen touch locations is a little querky, but what do you want for 200 bucks.So Overall I was feeling pretty good about my purchase.Then I checked a couple of books out of my city library....nice... it worked.... However Kindle can only read KINDLE versions of the books...... and many of the books I wanted were not available from my library in Kindle version. Dang.Then , I went to purchse my first book.First found out the hard way that Amazon prime only allows ONE book checkout per month.  I downloaded a practice book thinking I could delete it and order another....... wrong..... I wasted my free amazon prime for one month on a book I really didn't want........So much for that!So I tried to buy a book........ STRIKE TWO!! The books I wanted to buy costs MORE than the standard paperback.... ALMOST TWICE AS MUCH!  That is ridiculus.....I would have expected it to be cheaper given no printing costs......That is just wrong.....So 4 stars as an email checker, web surfer, game playing device....4 stars as a book \"READER\", if you can find a kindle version from the library or a fairly priced book from Amazon , it is nice to read from.However.......ZILCH STARS as a mechanism to buy books from Amazon. Buy Paperbacks and save your money.....And you can still share them with friends......", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Cheaper to buy paperbacks", "unixReviewTime": 1323043200, "reviewTime": "12 5, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3D4EHPVXQSLO7", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 16], "reviewText": "A device is only as good as the apps it can run. My Kindle forces me to use the Amazon app store, which is extremely limited. This prevents me from, say, accessing the mobile versions of magazines to which I already subscribe. Amazon would prefer that I use their Kindle subscription service, which gives me less content and costs more. Until this is addressed, I recommend choosing a more open Android device.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Proprietary App Store is a disaster", "unixReviewTime": 1330560000, "reviewTime": "03 1, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A3DB5ZW8DCWDXH", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 16], "reviewText": "So I wanted an alternative to my laptop for browsing the web while lying on the couch. My laptop runs hot and is a bit uncomfortable to use like this because of it, and my smart phone screen is too small.I love my third generation Kindle reader so I'd been thinking about trying a Kindle Fire and pulled the trigger when I saw them at Best Buy today.First of all everything the Kindle Fire does it does well enough when you consider the price. The screen is nice and the device feels solid in your hand.  Sound from the built in speakers is adequate and overall the device seemed agile enough to me performance wise...I didn't notice any stuttering or slowdown.But after an afternoon of playing with it I've decided to take it back. It runs pretty cool to the touch and web browsing (something I was unable to try on the demo unit at the store) worked pretty well. But ultimately the screen size (at 7 inches being slightly less than half way between my smartphone at 3.5 and my laptop at 12.1 inches) provides an experience that's too close to my phone for what I would be doing with it. Yes the display is obviously bigger, but even in landscape mode I'm still having to zoom in etc on the websites I visit. I don't think this would be necessary if the screen was slightly larger.So goodbye for now Fire...you're not a bad little gadget but I don't have a need for you right now. If Amazon comes up with a 9 inch display I'll be back.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Not a bad little gadget but it's still going back...", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3F3DOG8S7DCQQ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 16], "reviewText": "This device has numerous flaws. No external volume control! The OS is choppy and unpolished. The web browser is terrible and doesn't respond half of the time. The home screen is cluttered and annoying. The touch sensitivity is buggy and unresponsive. I would give it 0 stars, if I could. I wish I could return this piece of junk!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire - $200 Paperweight", "unixReviewTime": 1323907200, "reviewTime": "12 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3G4IA85YHHKAL", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 16], "reviewText": "Ordered for 1 day delivery to be delivered to Concord, CA 94518 on Dec. 28th --- did NOT arrive and I am leaving the Country for Central America!!!  pAID extra for fast shipping and did not get item.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Delivery did not arrive after paying for 1 day service!!!!", "unixReviewTime": 1325030400, "reviewTime": "12 28, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3LNQA722MAE64", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 16], "reviewText": "With the Kindle Fire's price at $199, I made a rare impulse purchase before leaving for my Christmas vacation. Part of the reason I bought it was how much I enjoy my Kindle eBook reader. However, my experience with the Fire has been very disappointing so far.The bad, in no particular order:-Lack of buttons, no home button, no volume buttons. The only existing button, the power button, is in the wrong place and wrong design, so it's easy to hit by mistake while holding the Fire both horizontally and vertically.-The screen size. Too small. Web pages cannot comfortably be viewed vertically.-The weight. Too heavy. Uncomfortable to hold for any extended amount of time (reading or watching a video)-The touchscreen. Poor sensitivity, touch a link or button: nothing happens. The screen requires a careful and deliberate push. I guess I am spoiled by my iPhone.-The keyboard. I cannot seem to type anything right. Even though I make sure to aim well, much too often a neighboring letter comes up. I type faster and more accurately on the tiny iPhone keyboard.-The video player. It's not full screen. Due to the lack of a hardware home button the Fire always displays an annoying gray bar at the bottom of the screen, also in full screen video mode. The lack of volume buttons makes changing the volume a chore of multiple screen touches (or careful presses in the right spots to avoid mistakes)-Memory - the lack thereof, and no SD card slot. 5GB available for the user. If there had been any good HD apps available, I could not afford to space to install them.-The Fire UI. The shelf carousel. I hate it. Web pages, apps, books, videos all mixed together in order of last use, thus never in the same order. Flipping through them is too fast, and it's hard to stop in the right place to start the intended activity or app.-Despite a fast processor, it feels sluggish. It's probably a combination of the touchscreen sensitivty and some animations that appear slow and jerky.The LCD screen has a yellowish hue, in particular around the edges. My screen has also a manufacturing flaw - a bright white spot that appears embedded deep in the screen, visible on white background.-Security. None. No user profiles, no locks, everything is available to whoever picks it up.-Android apps available on the Amazon marketplace. Poor selection and quality.-Amazon's custom browser is slow and buggy. Not possible to install Chrome or- Firefox.-Not possible to display time in 24HR format.-Not possible to enter international characters.The good:-Price.-The LCD screen. Except the problem noted above, it's bright with vivid colors and wide angle viewing range.-It's not an iPad. By that I mean that the Fire has made me realize that my tablet computer will have to be an iPad.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Half-baked, both software and hardware", "unixReviewTime": 1324684800, "reviewTime": "12 24, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3M7MSVFX8OFGD", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 16], "reviewText": "After charging battery, I tried to slide the yellow arrow to unlock.  It didn't budge.  Rebooted, recharged, rebooted. . . Nothing.Just returned it.  Not worth the trouble.Did we get the only one that didn't work at all??Amazon return is extremely efficient.  Printed label, took to UPS, refund processed next day.  Thanks, Amazon.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Couldn't even get the touchscreen to work", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3MCYE7E9TCZTI", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Ferdinand Arcinue", "helpful": [13, 16], "reviewText": "I bought the Kindle Fire last weekend and spent a week trying to like it.  For $200, I knew it came with limitations.  I don't need cameras, but was a little bummed about the lack of GPS since it would be portable and nice to use for navigation.  I also knew it didn't come with infrared, but was willing to give up having a fancy remote control and apps like Peel for watching TV.  And, I knew it didn't have bluetooth, but was going to look into wifi based wireless speaker systems for music around the house.  But, the Fire seemed adequate and the Amazon Prime membership also seemed reasonable since my wife and I order from Amazon all the time and were considering a Hulu or Netflix membership.  My plan was to get a Fire, and if I decided I wanted the other bells and whistles, then I would still keep the Fire and also get a more expensive tablet down the road.  My main needs were email, web browsing, and maybe some game apps.  The Fire was cheap and seemed adequate.So here are my beefs:1) I'm a gadget guy, and a happy google nexus s owner.  I'm also a google guy (my wife's an apple person).  I knew Amazon had overlayed its own skin onto an android platform, but I didn't realize how different the interface would be.  I'm used to my android, and my wife's iphone.  Their interfaces are pretty simple to use and intuitive.  So, this Amazon interface with the bookshelf and all that was un-intuitive for me.  While it is similar, it's just not as simple and clean looking.  I wanted to add widgets and other easy to see info on the front page, which it can't do.  More importantly, most of the apps that I have on my android are not available for the Fire.  Eventually, they may be.  But, with android 4.0 (ice cream sandwich) coming out, I worry about the compatibility of the Fire running a heavily modified version of 2.0.  I worry that it will become obsolete quickly, and that most apps won't be available for the Fire.2) I was primarily going to use it for email and web browsing.  The built in email interface wasn't sufficient for gmail, and there is no gmail app.  And, it was causing weird duplicates when I would check my gmail through my phone or desktop computer.  I tried to just use gmail through the web browser, but the mobile version is not as comprehensive as the app version.  There also wasn't a way for me to use google calendar or docs with the kindle.  I could go through the browser, but again the mobile versions are not as good as the app versions.  For example, on the calendar, I couldn't set alarms or reminders.  I can do these through the android apps.  I know there may be some conflict/competition between google and amazon behind this.  So, it's not necessarily Amazon's fault.  But, for me, I need to access gmail, calendar, and docs, and the Fire doesn't seem to do it.On a positive note, the silk browser seems pretty good for what it's suppose to do.  No complaints with the browser.  Although, I have to admit, even being a google guy.  The browsers on the iphone and ipad are better than the browsers on the android and the Fire.  Less hiccups in general.  Sometimes you press links or try to zoom in, and nothing happens.  This doesn't seem to happen on my wife's iphone.3) Secondarily, I was planning to watch videos through an amazon prime membership.  My mistake, but I thought the membership included all the tv shows and movies in the amazon library.  Turns out, the free ones are basically just the old shows.  So, you can watch old episodes of Ally McBeal and Deep Space Nine for free.  If you want to watch current shows, it's still $1.99 an episode, on top of the monthly membership fee.  Same with newer movies.  Which basically means the membership mainly buys you free shipping when shopping at amazon.  A Hulu membership is slightly more expensive, but at least you don't have to pay per episode to watch something current.4) I downloaded Field Runners and a few other apps, and they kept freezing or crashing on me.  After uninstalling them, reinstalling them, and then having them crash again half an hour later, I got too frustrated.This was the final straw for me.  I was going to keep the Fire and forego the Prime membership for Hulu.  And, I was willing to forego the built-in email system and just use the mobile gmail site through the browser.  But, the freezing and crashing weren't really fixable.  I asked my wife if she wanted it, since it would be an upgrade to her kindle reader, but she just shrugged and said she was happy with her iphone for facebook, email, and light browsing.  So, I decided to return it.  For $200, it's still a good little device.  But, again, I'm a bit of a gadget guy, so I am willing to pay the extra money for some more features.  For $200, I was willing to keep it, but with the lack of compatibility with google mail, calendar, and docs; the disappointing Prime membership; and again the freezing and crashing; there wasn't any good reason to keep it.  I will look into the 7\" android tabs coming out.  The good thing about the Fire is that it will probably drive down the price of these other tablets.  I'm going to wait until after xmas and see what happens to the tablet market.  My wife can get an ipad, but she doesn't seem to be interested since she also has a laptop.I do want to stress that the Fire seems like a good tablet.  It's mainly about fit for me.  It doesn't fit my needs and it isn't compatible with the other services (mainly google services) that I use on a daily basis.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "really tried to like it, but decided to return it", "unixReviewTime": 1322092800, "reviewTime": "11 24, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3NH0E92VMS4G7", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 16], "reviewText": "Couldn't subscribe to the Wall Street Journal. Think that is enough said, but in addition cannot read pdf's imbedded on a web page. It doesn't work for me.Customer service was not very helpful.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Not a business device", "unixReviewTime": 1321920000, "reviewTime": "11 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3NXQJG7CEIFIU", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 16], "reviewText": "I was very excited to pre-order two Kindle Fires to replace a couple of Kindles in the household.  My expectation was to get all of the great Kindle features and content with the added bonus of some Android apps and additional Amazon content.The Kindle Fire was presented as a Kindle with Android Tablet features.  I enjoy my present Kindle, but am weary of the inconsistent and awkward nature of the Android OS on various devices.  The Kindle Fire takes these Android OS shortcomings, combines them with the Kindle App creating an inexpensive pseudo tablet that performs neither operation well:* The device shipped pre-registered and the box marked \"Kindle Fire\" on the outside box.  This was great advertisement for any thieves who happened to be tuned into the launch or not. A box marked \" Kindle Fire\" with Amazon all of the over box tape is a good clue something of value may be inside.  Add to that the device is pre-registered and linked to the account so ready to purchase right away was not too bright (though I get the convenience factor for novice users).Further, I ordered two devices for different account holders in the home, so spent some significant time, de-registering the one device and getting it connected to the other account. A better option might have been to allow the purchaser to choose whether to have the device(s) pre-registered at shipping time or at the very least set a password as part of the order information that locked the device until entered by the account holder.* I expected the device to be a bit heavier than my current Kindle Keyboard, but the difference in weight and dimension is significant enough to be uncomfortable.  I purchased this as a replacement for the current device and the added weight and depth is not worth it.* The Kindle Fire OS feels like a Beta rather than production version.  The screen sensitivity is poor, the tap response very sluggish and the transitions choppy.  The screen resolution for text does not compare to the clarity of eInk.  I found my eyes getting more tired reading on the Kindle Fire than on my iPhone 4 which has a much smaller screen.* The Kindle Fire is not compatible with all of the content and subscriptions in use by other \"true\"  Kindle devices.  Some subscriptions and books I use daily on the Kindle 2 and Kindle Keyboard, are not available on the Fire.  This is completely unacceptable, especially since it was not part of the hype surrounding the launch.* The User Interface needs major work.  The preschool style icons that automatically display images of the last items used are more irritating and useless than almost anything I have seen even in the worst adopted Android OS.  This last used feature includes a snapshot of the last web page visited if the browser was the last activity.  This is pointless.* Amazon's version of the Android OS is limited and will not even connect to the generic Android Marketplace even if you remove the security restriction under Device options.  Therefore, unless the apps you currently use or desire are in Amazon's Android Marketplace, they are essentially unreachable by default.  There is likely a way around this, but I did not keep the device long enough to experiment with possibilities.  None of the dozen Android Applications I use on my phone are not available in Android's pseudo-marketplace.I really wanted to enjoy this device as much as my current one, but it was impossible.  At this point, I will likely continue with my original plan to go with iPads and keep the Kindle Keyboard for reading content.Do better next time  Amazon...I will keep watching....", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Fire is NOT a Kindle, but poor Tablet with Kindle App", "unixReviewTime": 1321660800, "reviewTime": "11 19, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3OXW1R2RMDXBX", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [10, 16], "reviewText": "I bought an iPad(1) October 2010, after starting a job in Boston for my 3 hour wifi equipped bus ride each day. This Oct 2011 I changed jobs so gave my iPad to my Dad who lives in a nursing home. I missed watching hulu in bed at night etc. so decided to give the Kindle Fire a try.Just got it yesterday, so here's a quick comparison -1) Security - The KF arrived in a box marked \"Kindle Fire\" and when I turned it on it asked me to let it know if I was NOT Donna Anastasi and since I didn't disagree, it let me start buying stuff. It has yet to ask me for a password or to verify credit card number2) Screen size - The KF has a much smaller screen than iP3) Full screen - the movie I bought showed in wide screen which cut off about a half inch at the top and bottom of screen area, there was no full screen option - The free hulu movie did show in full screen, but there seems to be no option to pick full or wide screen viewing4) Movie Availability - the first movie I wanted to buy amazon had and I could see the trailer but then it said \"not available for this device\" - I'd expect all amazon sold movies to play on their devices5) Volume control - I couldn't find the on screen sound controls for hulu and there is no manual volume control on the device - head phones with volume control is a must have with the KF in my opinion6) Privacy - as another person mentioned, it shows all the books you've ever bought even those you've deleted from your account and gives you the option to download, but not delete - not good when sharing the device with your kids7) Picture Quality - The picture quality is excellent - crisp, clear, bright8) Handling - the small size and thickness/weight made it a feel a bit heavy on the wrist - you can get an iP1 case for $10 which I'll give a try - no way I'm paying $45 for a stand9) Touch contols - using the internet and touch to scroll through, the content was more jerky, slow response, and klunky feeling on the KF versus the iP10) Wait time - when I download a movie on iP I have to wait for the movie to load to watch it (about 20+ min) with KF I could watch the movie seconds after ordering it through internet streaming as it downloadsPrice KF = $199 iP = $499PS - Gave the KF to my 15 year old for Christmas (with Amazon Prime feature). She absolutely loves it (for tv, movies, and internet), perfect size and capabilities for her. She still uses our Kindle-touch reader for the read along feature when going to sleep at night. Ideally amazon would include it as part of the KF.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire vs. iPad", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3PAT9FR18W3XH", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 16], "reviewText": "As a HUGE Kindle fan I was very excited about the Fire.  Wow, what a total disappointment.  I wasn't expecting to get an iPad for $199 but I surely was expecting more the a super slow browser and a very clunky layout.  You guys really missed here, please try again.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Slow and Clunky!", "unixReviewTime": 1321747200, "reviewTime": "11 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3RY9M7X4CHVYZ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 16], "reviewText": "Amazon, you know I am in Australia. Why do you keep sending me emails promoting the Fire? I would love to buy one, but you REFUSE to sell outside the US. Stop adding insult to injury with the promotional emails, or release the product in Australia. The current situation is just not fair.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Fed up Aussie", "unixReviewTime": 1321920000, "reviewTime": "11 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3TFT91524NT4Z", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 16], "reviewText": "I really wanted to like the new kindle.  The reason I ended up returning the device was simply that the touchscreen was not reliable.  I have always liked the idea of a tablet so that when I travel I could read email, do web, watch movies, read, etc without lugging the laptop.  Airport security being what it is these days just does not make it easy.  I didn't buy the fire for its reader functions.  I would have just purchased an e-ink kindle if that was what I wanted.  But rather, I wanted an inexpensive android tablet.  I knew there would be shortcoming right away.  I was willing to live with the memory and size.  I knew that going in.  But I really didn't expect the touch screen to be so lousy.  It wasn't just me - you can see from other reviews that others had the same issue.  And I had a good friend who does not use touch screens give it a try and he had the same complaint.  When you go to launch a link, or even select an app from an icon it was simply hit or miss.  Click and wonder was the name of the game.  Wait,  then tap again.  And again, and Again.I almost gave this 2 starts because the display is beautiful.  But then I changed it to 1 because if you are releasing a touch screen tablet, no matter how inexpensive it is, it should at least have a good touchscreen.  Sorry, Amazon.  Maybe version 2 will be better.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Touch pad too unresponsive", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3UXWGRPYD9RR8", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 16], "reviewText": "I CANNOT REVIEW THIS ITEM CAUSE I NEVER RECIEVED THIS ITEM!!! I ALSO BACK ANYTHING TO DO WITH THE KINDLE FIRE.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "LYNDA", "unixReviewTime": 1324684800, "reviewTime": "12 24, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A3V79JO6W0CXWB", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 16], "reviewText": "If you are an Apple person this comment is of no interest to you. As an MS person I am angry that the Cloud will not accept .wma music files. I purchased the Fire primarily for travel and having my music and reading on one instrument I thought would be nice, enabling me to leave my Zune at home. Yes, I ran my files through a converter and will now try to upload as .MP3 files. If Amazon doesn't want Microsoft users they should say so. If they do, and it is essential that Cloud can only be constructed so as to function with .MP3, which I doubt,then they should build a transparent converter into the upload. Had I understood this before I ordered the Fire I would not have purchased it.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Disappointed", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A6QPE13212C4X", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 16], "reviewText": "I realize the device is relatively cheap, but the speakers basically ... are terrible. Come on Amazon! I bought two. One for each of my kids. Both are going back unless the ones I've got are defective.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "OK", "unixReviewTime": 1322524800, "reviewTime": "11 29, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A9255XYHBRFWQ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 16], "reviewText": "Received this for a Christmas gift. It is bulky and heavy to hold while reading as compared to the other kindles. Web browsing is buggy and not as easy to navigate as say, a droid style. If I had one of these in my hands and was weighing out paying 199 for it, I'd have to pass. For me the old black and white kindle with much less weight and weeks of battery life was a better option for reading. True, it is nice to be able to browse and read your kindle books but this thing is as heavy as a regular tablet and reading kindle books would be the same on a tablet - may as well spend a little extra and go that way.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Not a fan...", "unixReviewTime": 1325376000, "reviewTime": "01 1, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "AB1PBB4N6L7KF", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 16], "reviewText": "The Kindle Fire is pretty awesome. It's cheap, it runs on Android (with it's custom skin), and it's got some decent hardware for the price.The problem is well known by now and that's with purchasing. My daughters (ages 9,12) were each gifted their own kindle fires for the holiday. In order to allow them to share purchases I setup both of them on my amazon account. If I would have created separate accounts, we would have to buy every app twice when they wanted to share. This eliminated my ability to personalize each of their tablets as their own, but it works and they don't complain too much. It would be nice if multiple accounts could be attached with one being set as primary. Or child accounts could be added to a \"master\" account?The screen is decent. The apps run well. The touch controls are pretty good (with software version 6.2 update).Updating was weird. The tablet had to be fully charged and plugged in to a wall outlet in order for the update to auto-install. Going into the settings, the \"update\" button was disabled. So I couldn't force the update, even when it was plugged in and over 70% charged.It was overly difficult to find out how to put a pin number on in-app purchases (go to Apps tab, then click \"store\" in the upper-right, then click the menu button, then click account... you should be able to find it from here - can't remember off-hand). I ended up shutting off in-app purchasing all-together for my daughters tablets for the time being.The fact that I can't put a pin on all store purchases is the worst offense. It will take annoying work-arounds to prevent my kids from purchasing content and even those work-arounds are very good. Once this issue is fixed I will consider bumping the rating up because the Fire is a great device.I think Amazon missed who they were going to be selling to. A lot of people buying these things are getting them for kids because it's a tablet at a low price and we're sick of our kids taking our iPads. We want to play with our tablets too!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "1 Start until fix for Purchases", "unixReviewTime": 1324857600, "reviewTime": "12 26, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AJJRTJ5FRTT7W", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 16], "reviewText": "Dear Amazon,Matthew Romero here I spent alot of money on your site recently and ive not been too happy. Let me ask you a few questions if I may? I hope you can answer me 1st I ordered a Kindle Fire, why in the heck do you guys ship a package from California to Arizona then to Colorado when its destination is New Mexico? Second this package has been sitting here in my city Las Vegas since Dec 2nd and still not delivered. even orderparts from Japan they get here in 6 days were going on 2 weeks from California across Arizona by the way is next to New Mexico to Colorado also next to New Mexico to sit in New Mexico for 5 days before its delivered? U know I wanted to return this tablet cuz it was a gift to a girl I broke up with but after all your Hype aboutKindle Fire I decided what theheck keep it but im already losing intrest and am starting to think to think about just returning it again. Please let me ask is there anything you can do to help me?", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Wish I knew what Amazon is thinking", "unixReviewTime": 1323043200, "reviewTime": "12 5, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ALB1VGJ1N69H4", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 16], "reviewText": "After 24 hours and at least 30 hard resets I am done.  Back it goes.  The Kindle Fire is just not functional at this time.  It locks up and freezes constantly, even when just moving around the interface.  Use an app for a few minutes...it crashes, trying to play a Netflix video (which was touted as being available) good luck, the netflix app also crashes and freezes.  Heck just going to the gallery which I put 4 photos on had about a 20% hard freeze chance.Maybe after a few software versions, but as of launch day+ a few  it sucks==", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Nice try, but constantly crashes", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ALO20GLFCOVB3", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "A. Anderson \"Adam Bomb\"", "helpful": [13, 16], "reviewText": "This review is written by Adam's wife, not Adam.  Item was ordered under Adam's account.I got the Kindle Fire last week.  I've had an iPad for about a year and a half now and was curious about how it would stack up since I love my iPad.  I was pleasantly surprised, aka blown away, by the Fire.1. Price - You really can't beat the price considering what you are getting.  You're saving a minimum of $300 over the iPad.  For people who don't want to spend $500+ it's a great alternative.  My iPad cost $600 + tax.2. App Pricing - One of the first things I noticed was that the apps in the Amazon market tended to be less expensive than in the Apple App Store.  Wasn't the case for all apps but I did notice that the prices tended to be cheaper. (not that the apps in the Apple app store are expensive by any means)3. Size - I can squeeze my iPad into some of my purses, however the size of the Fire makes it extremely portable.  It fits in just about all of my purses with no problem.  It's nice to be able to hold it comfortably in one hand for reading.  Doesn't hurt that it is lighter.  I didn't have any complaints about the iPad but the Fire definitely makes a difference.4. Display - The display on the Fire seems to be more vibrant.  Very saturated colors.  However you can't get the brightness quite as dim as on the iPad.  I like turning the brightness all the way down to read ebooks and use the sepia background.  The iPad tends to be a bit easier on the eyes.  That being said, I'm still using the Fire because it's easier to hold comfortably in one hand.  Even though the Fire is smaller, it has almost the same resolution as the iPad.5. Responsiveness - The Kindle is really responsive to touch.  I saw some people complain about it not being sensitive and having issues with long fingernails.  My fingernails are very long and I've not had any problems with it registering my touch or being unresponsive.  You don't have to use the tip of your finger.  The yolk of your finger works just fine.6. Amazon Video - The Amazon videos are amazingly fast to load.  I didn't even notice the buffering, it was that fast.  I also installed Netflix and those videos also loaded fairly quickly.7. Interface - The interface is very simple and intuitive.  I haven't had any problem finding anything.  The carousel I'm not too horribly fond of but that's really a matter of preference.8. Cloud/Storage - I love that everything you purchase is also put on the Cloud.  Since there is less storage space on the device this is a real bonus.  You can delete any app you've purchased off of your device and it remains in the Cloud.  Anytime you want to put it back on your device you just touch the Cloud tab, touch the app and select download.  Very simple.  Easy way of keeping things organized on your device as well.  Downside is that obviously you have less storage space on your device itself than on an iPad.9. Keyboard - I tend to do a lot of my writing in Spanish.  However, when I set up the device I chose English.  I don't see a way of doing spanish keyboard other than holding down the keys for additional options.  No spellcheck in Spanish.  I don't know if it would have made a difference if I'd chosen to set up in Spanish.  I didn't find an option of changing the language.  I might download a Swype keyboard (available in Beta) so that I have the option of typing easily in Spanish.  My iPad has language options.10. Games/Apps - There are definitely more apps available to the iPad at this time.  There are some games on my iPad that I can't get on the Fire. Even though there are more games available on the iPad there is still a huge selection on Amazon.  I don't think the amount of apps available at this time would sway me either way because I know the market for the Fire apps will continue to grow and there is already tons to choose from.  I do most of my game play from my iPad, and now Fire, vs my DS or PSP.  I'm a casual game player whereas the types of games my husband plays will always do better on a handheld system with dedicated controllers like the DS and PSP.11. Productivity Apps - Both devices have productivity apps.  Would I want to do word processing or excel type spreadsheets on either?  No.  Might be a bit less painful on the iPad but still would not be ideal.  I'd recommend only viewing on either device vs creating/editing.12.  Printing - While the iPad has air print, if you have a printer that you can email to, you should still be able to print from the Fire.13. Hardware - The gorilla glass on the Fire is amazing.  There are videos you can google online to see tests being done.  I'm not bothering with a screen protector as it doesn't seem to be needed.  The Fire has stereo vs the mono speaker of the iPad.  The only external button on the Fire is the power button, found on the bottom.  While this might seem to be odd placement, you can turn it upside down if you want the button to be on top.  Worked fine for me.  I prefer how the brightness settings can be accessed on the screen of the Fire.  To change brightness on the iPad you have to get out of your app, go to Settings and click through to General Settings then adjust brightness.  Much simpler on the Fire.In conclusion, if I had to make a choice today on which device to purchase, despite loving my iPad, the Fire would be the clear winner.  I can't get past the price difference, speed, navigation, size, etc.  For the price of one iPad you could get 2-3 Fires.  We are now considering getting a second Fire for my husband.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Kindle vs iPad", "unixReviewTime": 1325289600, "reviewTime": "12 31, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "ANGANMXGNNRT6", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 16], "reviewText": "I primarily bought the kindle fire to watch videos while traveling -- streaming/downloading.  I already have a b/w kindle (which i LOVE) and an iphone, but didn't want to shell out 500 bucks for an ipad.Here's what I'm really not loving about the kindle fire.  You cannot stream video, or download video or apps if you're outside the United States.  I travel to Europe a LOT for work.  Basically, you have to load it up with stuff before you get on the plane.  No impulse buying on the go, which I've done a lot of with the kindle and the itunes store.  I wish I'd known this before I bought it, maybe it says as much on the website but I didn't read it that closely.  I just assumed that because i can easily download kindle e-books while abroad, accessing other amazon content in a similar context wouldn't be an issue.  You can't even buy amazon videos through your computer and then usb them onto the kindle, as the website 'senses' you're abroad.The iTunes store lets you buy stuff to use on their devices from anywhere in the world, but tailors content and pricing to your home region -- kind of annoying but better than the amazon video service. I can understand geographically limiting streaming video. But not letting registered users (who have a us credit card and billing address) PURCHASE content for a portable device whilst abroad just seems nonsensical and unnecessary.It just doesn't fill the niche I hoped it would, and if I can find the box when I get home it's most likely going back.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Not great if you travel outside the US.", "unixReviewTime": 1322611200, "reviewTime": "11 30, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AODG66QP4DXPG", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 16], "reviewText": "I realized it was a very limited product when I purchased it, and it WOULD be well worth the price considering the functionality and all that jazz IF it had the ability to download apps for the Android Marketplace. Only letting customers use the Amazon appstore? Seriously? If I had realized that I wouldn't have bought it. I'm taking it back tomorrow. This means no facebook or twitter apps, barely anything really. Pointless.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "What does this do?", "unixReviewTime": 1322265600, "reviewTime": "11 26, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AOL4D4QOTEN08", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [10, 16], "reviewText": "As the proud owner of three successive generations of e-ink Kindles, I preordered a Fire the same day as the announcement. After playing with the device for a day, I'm sending the Fire back. Why? The Fire fails to be more enjoyable than an iPad or e-ink Kindle for anything I do on tablet devices.The Fire's user experience pales in comparison to an iPad. Many of the Fire's on-screen buttons are too tiny, and the interface lags, so I can't immediately distinguish a missed tap from a slow response. The back button frequently does nothing. Opening apps and books from the Fire's home screen requires two or three attempts because the interface misinterprets taps as drags. Pinching and double taping to zoom in Silk, the Fire's web browser, feels unreliable and choppy. Unlike the iPad, the Fire does stream video from Amazon. Unfortunately, Amazon's video library and handheld video in general are not compelling.The Fire is a poor e-reader in comparison to my beloved e-ink Kindle. The Fire's battery lasts mere hours, and the backlight strains my eyes. The Fire misinterprets page turn gestures, particularly when I attempt to summon the menu. The Fire's aspect ratio feels odd for text -- too narrow to comfortably space words in portrait and too wide to comfortably find the next line in landscape.Software deficiencies aside, the Fire's hardware and price point are very impressive. The device feels solid, and the screen is vivid. Popular apps and games in the store all ran acceptably. The Fire represents a significant improvement over other Android tablets. Amazon might fix the above glitches given enough time, but my past experience with infrequent e-ink Kindle software updates suggests otherwise.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Don't bother if you're accustomed to iOS", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AOSS6RJIPV8WS", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 16], "reviewText": "I thought the Kindle Fire would provide its own internet access like the newest Kindle Touch 3G. It does not. My son does not have internet service at his home so will have to use Libraries. I tried to help him set it up for buying and reading books. I have somewhat limited vision and cannot even read its built-in text or web materials WITH a magnifying glass. I could set his text font size for reading books satisfactorily but the built-in text would have to be continuously enlarged by brushing the screen with finger and thumb.The Kindle Fire is NOT intuitive as the iPad is. I can see that my son will have to spend much time calling Kindle Fire tech support.The Kindle Fire for my son has been a big disappointment so far. It could be that after a significant period of time he will learn to navigate the Fire but right now it is extremely frustrating!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Gave My Son An Amazon Kindle Fire for Christmas  2011", "unixReviewTime": 1332979200, "reviewTime": "03 29, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "AOTPR2J3NYVMQ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 16], "reviewText": "This product does not work outside the US - We live in Canada and are very disappointed as bought on a business trip and not informed by the Best Buy staff - this is very inconvenient for us to return it if they even accept it", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Does not work outside the US", "unixReviewTime": 1327708800, "reviewTime": "01 28, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "AOWKL3PZI2ILM", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 16], "reviewText": "The Kindle Fire will not work with a VPN.  The security features on the Fire are horrible.  Look elsewhere when you want something that is halfway descent on security, like the iPad.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "does NOT work with a VPN", "unixReviewTime": 1321747200, "reviewTime": "11 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AP8JWRAMSNPDN", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Robert Welborn", "helpful": [12, 16], "reviewText": "I have had my Kindle Fire about a week and so far, I love it! Let me start by saying I already had an Acer Iconia Tablet and a 2ne generation Kindle and I am very happy with them! Now on to my review of the Fire...I take care of an elderly gentleman 5 days a week 12 hours a day. I can't leave at all, so my days get very long and sometimes very very boring.I purchased the Fire, because I wanted to have access to the web and I wanted to be able to read my Kindle. The Fire is perfect for me! Usually I carry about 3 bags of stuff into work...which includes my laptop, some crafts to work on, my mp3 player, my kindle, movies to watch, etc.The Fire allows me to consolidate most of it. It's like I am taking my own personal media center to work with me now.Right out of the box, it was up and running in a matter of minutes. It saw my wifi network and i entered the password and that was pretty much all I had to do. I also have a wifi hot spot at work, so no 3g connectivity was no biggie either.The Kindle Fire comes with free 30 days of Amazon Prime. I was already a guest member om my roommates account, and was thinking about getting my own membership for the prime movies...so this was not a big deal for me to upgrade to my own prime account.I tried a Prime movie, and it looked incredible! The screen is perfect for just me to watch while at work or at the park.All of my music was in my cloud player, so I got to try that out too! Sounds awesome! The speakers are fine! It even sounds better when you plug a headset into it! Wonderful sound and volume is just fine!The web works fine! The browser is nice and seems fast to me. Every place I wanted to go, I had no problems.There are some apps already on the device. Netflix was the first I tried and my que opened up and I was able to watch with no problems.The next app I used was Audible...I love being able to listen to my audiobooks on the same device that I am doing everything else on. I plugged in my user name and password and all of my audiobooks showed in my account. I didn't listen to any of them, but will do that soon and update my review to let you know how it works.All of my apps that I purchased through Amazon App store are showing when yoiu access the apps on the device....they are all listed under cloud, but I know all of them are not compatible with the Fire. A few of my books also are not compatible with the Fire, but I knew that when I got them free. Not a big deal for me!!!So far, for what I use it for...movies, music, reading and light web usage and shopping at Amazon, I am very happy! I don't want to replace my ereader or my tablet or laptop....I just want to lighten my load for work and not have to worry about dragging stuff all over town.The only thing I don't care for on my Fire is the Carousel....but for the price I paid for this, I can live with it! It's new, so Amazon will work on some things and tweek it a bit! I do wish it had an external card slot for a little more storage. I also wish it came with a stylus, cause you will want to get one....I hate seeing the finger prints on it. I did buy a cheap case from another retailer which is real leather and fits fine. I figure for $10 postage paid, I can live with it until I decide to finally plop down the bucks for an Oberon cover.***UPDATE 12/9/2011***Ok, I have had my Kindle Fire for almost 3 weeks now and I still LOVE IT!!!!The Kindle Fire is a very sturdy device and I really like that they used Gorilla glass. The glass will probably outlast the device!So far, my Fire has done everything I want it to do with no problems! It connects to my hotspot with no problems and I have watched videos from Amazon, Netflix, You Tube, Craftsy, MSNBC and CNN and have had no problems at all.The email set up was very easy and I have 4 accounts set up. I am very happy with the ease of setup and it works just fine!I haven't downloaded any music to my Fire, I just listen to it from the cloud and it works flawlessly! The music really sounds great especially when using earbuds. Without the earbuds, the music still sounds great and the volume is fine for my tastes.I have downloaded only one book to the device to read and it is easy to read and turn pages. Would I use this to read on all the time? NO, but I have my e-ink kindle to read on most of the time. I don't have to worry about the reflections or eye strain on the regular KIndle. The Fire you would probably get a glare. For taking to work and reading, which I do...it is perfect!I have downloaded an audible book to my Fire and I Love listening to audible books on it! It downloaded in seconds and the sound is incredible!I also have the pandora app installed and love to listen to my favorite \"made for me\" stations on it!The silk browser is pretty speedy in my opinion. It seems faster now then it did 3 weeks ago!I had one issue, where the Fire would not connect to my hotspot, but...it wasn't through any fault of the Kindle Fire! I had to go in and change settings on my hotspot...after I did that, NO Problems at all!Now, the only things I don't like about the Kindle Fire....I hate the carousel! I don't like having every site I go to, every book or magazine I browse shown. Then to see your books, you have to scroll through everything.I also don't like that there is no way to increase the storage. A micro sd slot would have been a great feature. I am scared to download much stuff for fear of not having space for the operating system to do its job. A USB port would have been nice also, to be able to connect a external drive.I also would have loved if they gave it bluetooth capabilities.I pretty much researched the Kindle Fire in advance of making the purchase, so I can honestly say I am very happy with it! It is well worth every penney that I spent for it!*** UPDATE 12/12/2011 ***OK, I still really love my Kindle Fire, but I just had to downgrade my rating to 4 stars from 5! Everything about the Kindle Fire still makes me happy about purchasing it! The only reason that I changed my rating to 4 stars from 5 is that I tried to go to a website today...it was actually the android marketplace to look at their daily deal of .10 cent apps for my handset. I usually go to that site from my main PC at home, but figured that I would go there today while I was at work and see what apps were on sale for a dime. I would use my Kindle Fire and then check out amazon and see if they price matched it yet, but guess what? IT WOULD NOT GO TO THAT SITE!!! I spend a lot of money at Amazon.com...I work 16 hour days, so I shop from work. I love Amazon, but I want my surfing experience to NOT BE FILTERED! If you are blocking the android marketplace, what other sites are you keeping me from going to? Amazon, don't block me from going to a competitors site. This will only cause me to shop at other places!!! I am a comparison shopper and as you can see, I place orders every single week!On another note, I read that there is going to be an update for the kindle fire very soon that will let you delete items from the carousel. Thanks for listening Amazon!", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire...making my work days easier!!! See update 12/12/2011", "unixReviewTime": 1322870400, "reviewTime": "12 3, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AQRW3O94JUV8F", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 16], "reviewText": "I love the Kindle.I have noticed different comments that I would like to address. In the Amazon store, you can turn off the one click option. I never use one click as it is easy to make a mistake.. When you first enter your acct, it tells you one click is on and gives you the option of turning it off. There must be a way to turn it off, if you missed the initial notice when you first used the Fire.You can also delete pre installed apps by holding your finger on the app until a sign comes up with an option to remove from the device.PdF files are a joy to read on the FIRE. Just get the EZ PRO PDF Reader app for $1.00. Get the free Gallery app to view pictures. It's fabulous. The Cloud works great so far as I can tell.At first, the touch screen seems erratic, but if one persists, one will find how to get the system to do what one wants.The only thing I can't find out is when one should shut it down and when put it to sleep.I think the colors are fabulous, the browser is lightening fast and personally, I wouldn't want a bigger tablet as this is heavy enough. It is just the right size for me..As with computers, there are frustrations from time to time, but there are solutions. I suggest. Just keep trying.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Surpassed my expectations. you can even turn off one click", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AQS4FO2SHAP91", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 16], "reviewText": "Sadly, I will be returning the fire.  There were a few problems with my Fire.  The touch screen was not very responsive.  Streaming Netflix was not smooth and the picture would stutter every few seconds.  Magazine selection for Fire is still very limited.  The browser for the Internet is slow and Google as the search engine is not used in the Fire.  I am inclined to try the Nook Tablet instead.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Returning the Fire", "unixReviewTime": 1321660800, "reviewTime": "11 19, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AQWUQMQHZZXVT", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [0, 16], "reviewText": "Bought it at Walmart cause the guy from Electronics dept. almost danced to convince me. Brought it home around 7:25 pm turned it on,went to the app store (it's not Google play) tried to fiddle with it,not appealing, went back for a refund at 7:55pm.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "new record", "unixReviewTime": 1341446400, "reviewTime": "07 5, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "AR1XOW3LOAXWD", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [0, 16], "reviewText": "I can't give you a review on the Kindle Fire I ordered because I am still waiting for the item to arrive.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "still not here", "unixReviewTime": 1344384000, "reviewTime": "08 8, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "ARR4CF6OD8TKC", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 16], "reviewText": "I don't have Wifi, got my kindle fire today, now i have to buy a damn router. Would have rather bought them at the same time, but I didnt even know I was going to need one. Super bummed.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "YOU NEED TO TELL US WE NEED A WIFI ROUTER.", "unixReviewTime": 1326153600, "reviewTime": "01 10, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "AS9MB91YX668K", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 16], "reviewText": "Why would I buy a tablet, if I can't make a video call when I need it.other wise it is good for this price", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "No video camera :(", "unixReviewTime": 1325548800, "reviewTime": "01 3, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "AXG1FH31MNVZH", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 16], "reviewText": "My wife loved her Kindle so I bought her a new Fire.  She loves the backlighting but she can't read it outside or in a car when she is wearing sunglasses. That means no reading at the beach, on the patio, by the river - all the places she likes to relax and read.  Contacted Amazon about the problem and they have yet to answer me.  Very disappointed.  Dr. Ken Letterman", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Can't read wearing sunglasses", "unixReviewTime": 1333411200, "reviewTime": "04 3, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "AYWVEWB5WLPWA", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 16], "reviewText": "My HTC EVO phone crushes this tablet all day long.  I buy about 90% of everything from Amazon.  Amazon rocks, but this Kindle Fire is such a disappointment for me.  They don't need to make us buy everything from them when we already do.  They configured Android to be their flavor.  You can't download many android apps with the Kindle.  The touch screen sucks and has slow response or no response half the time.  The processor is weak too; you can tell.  The interface is also rookie.  There are no outside volume controls either, which is a huge hassle when you're listening to music or movies.  You have to stop the movie, find the small settings button and lower or up the volume through software only.  Little things like this make it so frustrated when using this device.Although the price is amazing, it is too frustrating for me, so I'm returning mine.  If you're an average person that isn't used to great technology and well designed human interface, the Kindle Fire will meet your needs.  Otherwise, you'll be disappointed.  I would suggest waiting a few months or opening up your wallet for a better tablet like the Samsung or iPad.p.s. Still love Amazon and will continue to be a loyal customer.  Will consider the Kindle Fire 2 when it has more open architecture, outside volume control, 3G, and a camera?  Keep it moving", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Weak proprietary device", "unixReviewTime": 1322870400, "reviewTime": "12 3, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "AYZZZKTOI2ZDL", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 16], "reviewText": "I got my wife, a big Kindle fan, the Kindle Fire for Christmas. What a mistake! This thing is a piece of junk! It can't view web sites properly, and as a book reader it is not as good as the classic Kindle. Get an iPad, I say!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire Sucks!", "unixReviewTime": 1327795200, "reviewTime": "01 29, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "AZDDKR3G6T2GZ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 16], "reviewText": "The thing freezes immediately after starting it up and updating the software. It's a systematic problem, just check the message boards. amazon has no fix for it and is only offering replacements or refunds in some cases.I am returning mine today. This was a gift, and came on the heels of the most frustrating online purchasing experience of my life with amazon.com. They are big time when it comes to a few negative things like controlling information (no tech journal has written about the systematic problems with the kindle fire, only about amazon's prompt fixes for them, which as yet, aren't working), and their ability to control your money. (After I got no satisfaction from customer service after they lost my order, I tried to dispute the charge, only for my credit card company to tell me they had a special policy with amazon that wouldn't allow me to dispute their charges.) I would never have given amazon another chance, but since it was a gift, I begrudgingly decided to give it another try, only to find the device itself was nothing more than a lump of plastic and glass.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Awful", "unixReviewTime": 1324857600, "reviewTime": "12 26, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A109VLNYFWLAAC", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 15], "reviewText": "I have been very disappointed with the Kindle Fire.  I find the device very difficult to navigate.  Customer support is very poor.  Responses to emails do not address the problem, phone calls are fielded by people who have poor utilization of the the English language.  Overall I feel the purchase was poor judgement on my part.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Very difficult to navigate", "unixReviewTime": 1325721600, "reviewTime": "01 5, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A133D3S6GG1AMM", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 15], "reviewText": "Figured most of it out.  Still have some learning to do, but things are looking up.  Only downside is that I had to buy an instruction book.  Should come with one.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Too complicated", "unixReviewTime": 1325030400, "reviewTime": "12 28, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A15HCNINOXVLR4", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [9, 15], "reviewText": "1. What is an \"Ipad Killer\"?  Literally any Android tablet is an Ipad killer.  There's a reason that Apple boasted a $12b profit in the first quarter of 2012 and why they are valued at $600B.  Their tablets cost as much as a laptop or a gaming PC.  Apple is the god of branding.  Yes their stuff looks cool, but it's extremely over priced and extremely limited to customization, competition, and programming.  Apple is to computers as China is to democracy.  Zero open source leads to extremely high costs with no competition within their own brand.  Plus I despise the fact that they withhold tech just so they can release a newer model a few months later.  The reason the Fire is affordable?  Competition within the Android community(something that communist Apple doesnt allow).  Amazon also realizes that by having a slightly smaller harddrive, no bluetooth, no phone features, no 3g, and no camera(s), they could keep the cost very low.  They also arent looking to create a 12B profit in 3 months.  Apple is REALLY greedy.  They rip of the buyers and underpay Chinese factory workers.2. I was skeptical about the Kindle Fire, but when the refurbished Fire's went on sale for $140 I couldnt say no.  I'm an Android person and you should be too.  Its easy to use and is very affordable.  Forget the fact that I only paid $140 for it.  I would gladly pay $200 like everyone else.  Its that great of a tablet for my needs.3. What do I like about the Fire?  Holy cow, this thing is perfect for me.  I've got an Android phone and a Android Google TV.  This thing fits perfectly between the two.  I wanted the Fire for couch web browsing, emails, music, movies, books, magazines, and catching up on the news.  Well, the Fire is perfect for all of these.  Other than the lack of specific apps at the Amazon Marketplace, this tablet does EVERYTHING I need it to do.  Make a list of what you really plan to use the tablet for and be honest about it.  If your list is anything like mine, then ANY tablet will work so you might as well go get something cheap like a $200 Fire.  You'll learn to love it even if it doesnt have all features of other tablets.  The Fire is pretty much half the size of an Ipad.  I can hold the Fire extremely easily in 1 hand.  Its really easy for me to read.  There are some people who want a giant 10\" screen like other tablets, but you'll NEVER be able to comfortably hold it in 1 hand.  I regularly put the Fire in my pocket too(yes it actually fits). Great screen resolution.  Fast Silk browsing.  Long battery life.  NEVER gets hot.  Easy to hold.  Gorilla Glass scratch proof screen.  Rugged slip resistant case.4. What don't I like about the Fire? If you're used to Androids and Apple things, you'll probably hate Amazon's interface.  I get the fact that they were trying to do something new, but their Laucher home is pretty terrible.  Its just plain.... inexcusable. See 5. for my solution.5.  Thank god this is Google and is completely open source.  I installed GoLauncher to replace Amazon's lame Launcher home.  While this might have voided my warranty (not sure but I dont care), it's what needed to be done.  I also changed my settings to allow for 3rd party apps.  Now you can download your own apps and install them, without going though Amazon's limited Marketplace.  Again, maybe voids the warranty (again not sure but I dont care).  Google requires this option on all Android systems since it's completely open source.  My Fire now looks like an Ipad but with cool widgets and an extra $300 in my pocket!!!6. Things that I'm missing?  I wish it had bluetooth for music in my car.  I wish that I could access Google Play (Market) for apps.  I wish I could get Google GMail, Music, and Document apps.  However its easy to access these through the web browser since there is no app.  I've moved past the things that the Fire might lack.  If the fire had all the features of other tablets, then it would cost $500-$800 like all the others.7. A few of my friends and family members have Ipads.  They are constantly asking me stupid questions like, \"does the Fire have Action Movie FX app?\" or \"Can you skype on the Fire\"?  These are asinine questions.  Basing your tablet purchase on flavor of the week apps is like buying a car because of the color.  Buy a tablet for the root of your needs; not the occasional want or a hipster trend.  I dont care that there are less games than the Ipad or that there aren't millions of apps.  It just isnt important to me and my needs.8.  This is where I get honest about usability based on \"tech\" ability.  Between my phone, google tv, and now Kindle Fire, every android item that I own is heavily customized and modified by me.  I LOVE taking android things and customizing them.  One of the reasons that Ipads are so marketable, is that they are very easy to use by young and old alike right out of the box.  For me, the Kindle isn't great right out of the box.  Android's (and the Fire's) appeal to me is that i can customize and modify it.  If you are not a tech savvy person, you might not like the Fire.  If you are not a tech savvy person, then Android might not be for you at all.  I cant help you make that decision, just an observation that i've learned.  This is also a biased opinion by me.  I'm attracted to Android specifically because of the modification abilities.9. My final analogy.  An Ipad is like a Corvette.  Yes its fast.  Yes it's elitist.  Yes it's American (even though the ipad is made in China).  However there are literally tens of thousands of other cars that are arguably better than the Corvette.  Personally, I'd rather have a Honda Civic than a Corvette.  It does what I need it to do and is something that i can comfortably afford.  Why spend 4x as much on a car that isn't 4x as good?  Why?  Social statement or status symbol.  Dont get sucked in to that.  You are better than that.  Buy the Fire.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Perfect little tablet (once I tweaked it)", "unixReviewTime": 1335139200, "reviewTime": "04 23, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A18C4QQ2H46JJN", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 15], "reviewText": "Let me start off by saying i LOVE my new kindle. We did christmas early so i have had it for a couple days. But seriously, you advertise whats in the box ON THE OUTSIDE? Thanks so much for ruining the surprise of what my christmas present was, it was nice to open the door and be handed something that said exactly what it was. I have always loved purchasing from amazon because no matter what it was it always came in that faithful brown box. But not this time, the lovely box has a giant HI COME STEAL ME label on it. This is absolutely unacceptable, and it is quite apparent that the item has already been stolen from many doorsteps. If you order this item, make sure it's to somewhere safe! and if you're trying to hide a gift, ship to a friends because it was a complete giveaway.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "WHY DO YOU PUT THE NAME OF THE PRODUCT ON THE BOX?!?!?!?!", "unixReviewTime": 1324166400, "reviewTime": "12 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A18F65JIGKY3UE", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "K. Andrew", "helpful": [12, 15], "reviewText": "First off, I'm writing this on the fire.Secondly, I have an iPad too. And a blackberry playbook, and a kindle keyboard. (Well, had. I gave it to my mother in law.) And just today I was shown a nextbook. (Don't get that btw.)Pros: It is a great single person device. It learns what you like and makes recommendations like the amazon website itself. It come w/prime for a month, making it like netflix. It is super responsive--those who say different befuddle me. What are they doing differently from me? Its an ANDROID--HELLO! While some apps offend me with mediocrity (try the weather channel app on the fire, then the iPad; where's the eagle feather on angry birds, or birdday) this gives you freedom to make this device your own.I use the web on the fire almost exclusively. I only pick up my laptop when I have to--the last website I had to do that do was autozone.com. I couldn't pick my car without finishing on a blank green screen.Battery is awesome. It blows a laptop away, and runs a close race with other tablets. Gave to a pack of kids to play angry birds and 6 hours later they gave up, not the fire.Cons: I had some stern conversations with my daughter about buying something, and I still help her get to the prime movies. They really need to fix that.I wish it did epubs. Amazon likely wont allow that. My religious literature is epub and wont be on the amazon store, so my iPad does that well. It lands in ibooks and allows highlighting, notes, etc.I wish it was Multi person friendly. The latest update is a large step toward that but I really need a pin or password on buying stuff.So in closing I gave it 5 stars because the nextbook and (b)lackberry playbooks, well, suck. The iPad is 10 inches and doesn't fit in my pocket, so it gets left more than taken. I'm a 7 inch guy, no pun intended.I do miss my keyboard kindle. No glare on it. Nothing but a reader either.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Prerelease buyer -six weeks later", "unixReviewTime": 1324425600, "reviewTime": "12 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A19RQT8A6SH8ET", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [9, 15], "reviewText": "Before you purchase this product there's something you need to know.  I like the Kindle Fire a lot BUT, in order for Amazon to force you to use their app store, they block you from logging into your google account.  As a result, you CANNOT download apps that are in the google app store but are not in the Amazon app store (many apps), you CANNOT log into your youtube account and you CANNOT  access your google docs.  (The google docs problem is a HUGE issue for me)You CAN access gmail by using the internal mail app.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "VERY IMPORTANT!!!", "unixReviewTime": 1325289600, "reviewTime": "12 31, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1A3JIMJCG87GW", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 15], "reviewText": "Looks nice and all but they took away the text to speech function in the books.  Also, the Cloud Drive has a Pictures folder and the Kindle comes with a Gallery app which makes one think you could put pictures on your Cloud then view them on your Kindle.  WRONG.  You have to transfer the photos via a USB cable (not included of course) into the Kindle.  If you need storage space you have to delete them and can't put them back on until you hook the cable BACK up to your computer and re-download them.  I paid for extra storage space on my Cloud because I have hundreds of gigabytes of photos I've taken.  I wanted to be able to at least keep SOME on there.  Well I can but what's the point if I have to transfer them via hardwire from the PC anyway?  Waste of time.Also, my wifi is flaky at best.  I'm sitting right in front of the wireless router.  I don't have a problem with any of my other devices but this thing stops loading web pages and stuff all the time for no reason and I have to power it off and back on to get it working again.  Can't just disconnect from the wifi and reconnect as that doesn't clear the problem.I think they were in too much of a hurry to rush these things out in time for the holidays.  Should have spent more time working the bugs out of them.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Garbage.  High tech garbage, but garbage nonetheless.", "unixReviewTime": 1322265600, "reviewTime": "11 26, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1ASUGTE0I1CCR", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "yvette", "helpful": [14, 15], "reviewText": "I love my new kindle fire! Magazines are great and so are the books. This was not meant to be a full fledged tablet like some people expected. This was meant to make Amazons selection of music books and video easier to use. It does what its meant for the display is crisp and its sensitivity to touch is perfect definetly a lot better than a nook.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "its an e-reader!", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1C29Z9DUK7HQ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 15], "reviewText": "In July, I was given a gift of a Kindle with the keyboard.  When the Fire was announced a few months later,  I decided to buy it for my daughter's \"big\" Christmas present.  When it arrived before Thanksgiving,  I fully charged it and checked it over.  I was very disappointed to see there was next to no control for me (as the owner of the account) to determine what lands on her device.  Meaning,  if I have books or content that aren't appropriate for a 12 year old,  I can't keep it on my kindle and prevent it from being on her kindle.  This is a major flaw.  Do I want my daughter seeing/having access to my favorite authors like Tess Gerritson, Charlaine Harris, James Patterson and more?  Not really.  With multiple devices in a family,  the account owner should have greater controls available to them.  Amazon needs to correct this, quickly!", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Amazon Fire off to a bad start", "unixReviewTime": 1323993600, "reviewTime": "12 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1CPCOXC3N9KK0", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 15], "reviewText": "This kindle is a lot harder to work than the original kindle.  The backlighting actually hurts your eyes after constant reading. The original is a much better deal. If I want to see movies I'll go see one. But this kindle is going back.Sorry.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "kindles are nice", "unixReviewTime": 1325203200, "reviewTime": "12 30, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1DVNZ4SOV4YXF", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 15], "reviewText": "The kindle can only be registered and 'activated' via WI-FI. That is to say, there is NO POSSIBLE WAY that a small computer, that can be connected directly to another one, can be connected to the web. This means that you, the potentially proud owner of a purportedly nifty gadget, are not able to actually use the machine if you happen to live in a place where WI-FI is uncommon. Yes you can transfer files via a USB which is great until you try to use them, oh apparently that little piece of functionality is unlocked by WI FI registration. You can register your product online, but again, that doesn't have any real impact as the machine still cannot be used for its purpose until you're willing to irradiate yourself with low level microwaves. Is there a reason that Kindle can't connect via USB  or even, heaven forfend, bluetooth? No there isn't. And, of course, all the poor souls in customer service, in whichever part of India they're based, can't really help or do anything other than apologize for their parent company's blatant disregard for its customers.Apparently adding a line or two of code to the system that would allow the kindle to connect to the web in any other way is just too much for the engineers who put it together or more probably the marketers who want to keep it all as proprietary as possible.The kindle is just another fine example of how corporate America is peeing on our heads and can't even be bothered to tell us it's raining. Save your money and buy book. You won't need Amazon's permission to open it.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Useless chunk of disrespectful silicone", "unixReviewTime": 1338336000, "reviewTime": "05 30, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A1DXHIIILSXESO", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Edward R. Whitt", "helpful": [13, 15], "reviewText": "After seeing many of the one-star reviews on here, I'll admit I was hesitant to pick one up. After putting down the (very) reasonable $199 and giving it a go, I have to say I'm glad I didn't listen. The first group of one-star reviewers seem to be the frustrated parents complaining about the \"lack of privacy\", or \"kids being able to one-touch purchase\". Simple solutions for both. First, if you're worried about your spouse or child seeing what you've been perusing, I'm pretty sure your skeletons in the closet are more of an issue than the device itself. Secondly, be a parent and teach your kids discipline and integrity. If they can't be responsible enough to handle such freedom, go buy them a LeapFrog or some Matchbox cars. Many of the people having technical issues with the device seem to have one thing in common. They don't realize that they have to be smarter than the piece of equipment they're working. Power button on the bottom? Flip it over, and \"Holy crap! Its on top!\". Restrictive software? The Fire is obviously built for consumption. It doesn't claim to be a dedicated creation machine. Normal people who have moved out of Mum's basement and couldn't care less about a download going half a second faster will take it for what it is and enjoy it. I have had no real problems with the Silk browser. Nothing about it makes my jaw drop, but it seems to run well every time I use it. Maybe people just have rinky-dink wireless set-ups? I personally find the Fire hits all the right notes and does what it was designed for. If you are considering purchasing one, go for it. Don't let the morons ruin what will be a great addition to your home.", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Curmudgeons and nerdragers may despise it, but most will enjoy", "unixReviewTime": 1333238400, "reviewTime": "04 1, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A1E994O73QFYQ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 15], "reviewText": "Do not buy this product from Amazon.  I bought one in January and it had problems charging, and by march it quit charging all together.  I returned it and just got  \"new\" one.  As soon as I turned it on it had two lines through the screen making it hard to watch anything.  So I called customer service and told them that this one also needed to be returned.  I wanted to be sure the new Kindle Fire sent me was new since I purchased a new Kindle, not a refurbished one.  Much to my horror and shock I was told they could not promise that.  What?  I paid full price for a NEW Kindle Fire but I was getting other peoples problem returns in exchange!!  I tried to explain that I wanted a NEW Kindle but was told they had no way of telling if the one they sent me would be new or not.  So I asked what was the guarantee that the original one I purchased was new and nor a refurbish?  I got no good answer.  I feel violated.  I put my trust in Amazon and feel like they used me.  I assumed what you paid for was what you got.  Apparently not.  Now, the woman in customer service was great and very sympathetic.  I said I wanted to return the Kindle Fire for a full refund.  I was told it was too late.  To late?  I only had the 2nd on three days!  Refunds are from the original purchase date.  This kind lady apparently talked to someone and is going to get me a full refund.  But, I am still out the expedited shipping I paid the first time, and all the books, games and apps. I put on it.  I figure this lesson has cost me close to $75.  If you want the Kindle, get it from a retailer that you can return it to and see that you get a new one in return.  I will never trust Amazon again, especially for electronics.  Personally I will be getting  Nook Tablet from the store.  At least I can see that it is new.  Now I just have to wait and see if Amazon stays true to its word and actualy refunds my money.....UGH!", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "buyer beware!!", "unixReviewTime": 1333411200, "reviewTime": "04 3, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A1EBCS3AHDVE5", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [9, 15], "reviewText": "I've had my Fire about two weeks now and there are some major sources of disappointment.1. There may be \"over 10,000 apps available\", but unless you're interested in 20 variations of Angry Birds, the selection is pretty disappointing. I have at least a half dozen android apps on my HTC Evo Android phone that are not available for the Fire. Virtually every app I've searched for is not available. One that really aggravated me in particular. On my phone, I have a FREE USA Today app, so I can read that paper, for free. App is not available for the Kindle, but--surprise!--you can get a subscription to USA Today in the Store for 15 frikkin' dollars a month...2. Same thing with Amazon Prime Movies; over 10,000 movies, but movies I have no interest in seeing. Once again, the 4 or 5 movies I searched for are not covered under Amazon Prime, and so I have to rent them (and these were not new or obscure movies either). So far Amazon Prime has turned out to be a waste of 80 bucks; shame on me for not doing the trial... :-(3. The very first thing I attempted to do when I got my Fire was to set up my corporate email. So I look in the user guide for instructions on setting it up and--guess what? The default email program does not work with Exchange. So, I had to purchase a 3rd party app for email.4. The web browser is awful. It redefines \"basic functionality\". Which in and of itself would not be bothersome if Firefox or Opera were available in the App Store.  Unfortunately, they are not.I guess I have to give Jeff Bezos credit, this was a marketing home run. It reminds me of that old commercial, \"You can pay me now, or you can pay me later\". Between Amazon Prime and the cost of books, magazine/newspaper subscriptions, movie rentals etc. etc., I would imagine it won't be too long before I've basically paid for an iPad (I do realise the Fire is not an iPad; I am merely making a \"value/price comparison\" here...).In fairness, the Fire itself is nice.  The video resolution is very good, although I do sometimes find myself holding it 6 inches from my face. :-) Battery life is quite acceptable. So as a fancy schmancy e-reader, it's pretty good. I have not had an opportunity to read outside in the sun. I doubt it's as good as the original Kindle, but I guess we'll see.So, in conclusion, the Fire is worth 200 bucks--it's really Amazon I have a problem with as regards my comments above and the fact that they are going to nickle and dime me to death as long as I own this thing.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Dissappointed...", "unixReviewTime": 1322352000, "reviewTime": "11 27, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1GYRV8G3RBGZ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 15], "reviewText": "Enough has been said about what it has done right, so I will only talk about three major flaws, and they are big ones!1. No Memory Slot:  You only get 1.17 GB for applications which gets eaten up real quick when you start downloading games, Facebook, Twitter, Weather and so on.  If you dip below the 250 MB your Fire's speed will be cut in half, and you will get a warning that you need to delete something to speed the Fire up, so you really need to subtract 250 MB as your Fire slows down and apps become unbearably slow!  THIS IS A HUGE FLAW in the Fire.  I am sure the Fire 2 will come out with a micro-sd slot, though.2. The App Store:  This is NOT the Android Play store, this is the Amazon Android store.  Apps usually are priced at twice the amount you can get them on your Android phone, this is simply not called for.  Also any App they may interfere with Amazon's business model will be blocked.  Amazon wants you shopping ONLY at Amazon!3. No Web Browser: The Fire does not allow you to use any browser but a modified version of theirs or a Maxthon Mobile Web Browser.  No Firefox, and No Google!  The Maxthon does run with the Google search bar, but Amazon's web browser always takes you to their shopping page.So there you have it, 3 MAJOR FLAWS, that the Kindle Fire should not have been released with!  There are some minor flaws like no camera, and no skype, and no IM'ing, but I use my Android for that, but I would use the Kindle Fire for those minor flaws as well, just out of convenience.So, unless the Kindle Fire 2 addresses the 3 Major Flaws, I will be going with some other type of E-Reader/Tablet, such as the Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 7.0 or 10.1", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Three Major Flaws!", "unixReviewTime": 1336521600, "reviewTime": "05 9, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A1H4JEWOYIGY2G", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 15], "reviewText": "I own the basic kindle, and I own iPad.This kindle fire is a device between them but doesn't serve either purpose well.For book reading, it is too heavy, battery life too short, eyes get uncomfortable after long reading.For tablet, screen too small, too many restriction on Android OS. Even if you root it (jail break it), it is still not very useful. No webcam.I suggest Amazon develop a real sleek smartphone with 5 inch screen, good battery life, many color choice.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Not a good choice", "unixReviewTime": 1322006400, "reviewTime": "11 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1HGGVO73OE3M1", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "JoeDaddy", "helpful": [13, 15], "reviewText": "Long story short...I like the Kindle Fire very much, though it took a few days to understand that it's not my original Kindle.  Once you use the Fire for a week or so, you will like it more each day as you become comfortable with the interface and how the content is organized.Sure, the Kindle could have a slightly larger screen when it comes to viewing the web, reading Magazine and News Papers (i.e. 8+ inches) , could have more onboard RAM for saving more content locally, could allow better user control of the Desktop; all these changes would increase the cost but as the technology matures, these improvements could be implemented.Yes, I'd buy another Fire and definably the next generation Fire when it becomes available.Longer Story...I've read a few reviews where people are slamming the Kindle Fire, this is a little frustrating as many of the complaints are overly critical and comparing the Fire to an Application Device(we know which one) and that's like comparing Apple and Oranges.  Keep in mind that this is the first generation of the Fire and it'll only going to get better with time as Amazon works through user feedback....We've all struggled through our Windows upgrades to see another day, I recommend the same perseverance with the Fire.  View the Fire as the next step in E-Readers and realize you don't need all that clutter an Application Device forces on you (i.e. Keep It Simple)As an IT Professional, I've cleaned a few Laptop, PC, Tablets (including that other Tablet) where the user had way too much stuff loaded.  Most of this stuff was loaded by the manufacture, never use and caused the device to perform poorly/slowly.1. The Kindle is an E-Reader/Content Viewer with the ability to browse the web and run some apps.2. The full Tablets TouchPad, iPad, Thrive, Galaxy... are application devices with the ability to be used as an E-ReaderIf you want a replacement Laptop/PC, get the Application Device (i.e. full Tablet).If you want something to read content, view movies, play music and be easy to carry, get the Kindle", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire vs. Other", "unixReviewTime": 1322870400, "reviewTime": "12 3, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1I3R2JNG9KUN5", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 15], "reviewText": "For a $200 item is better to buy an iPad because all you can do is nothing if you dont have wifi and the app store not good, but everything else the internet is good.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Not Good", "unixReviewTime": 1339113600, "reviewTime": "06 8, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A1L4MNP1K6942Z", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Theshipster", "helpful": [12, 15], "reviewText": "Look, here's the bottom line. If you actually took the time to read up on this device, watch explanations of it, or research at all you would know what it is designed for and what it excels at. The problem is, many of the people giving negative reviews of the Kindle Fire DIDN'T do that. Or it's also the case that their problems with it are foolish or idiotic.Let me spell out for you what this device is for:1. If you want to watch netflix on the go, this device is amazing.2. If you want to play some games or let your kids play games, this device is amazing.3. If you want to listen to music around the house or in coffee shops (wifi hotspots), this device is amazing.4. If you want to rent movies/buy movies from amazon instant, this device is amazing.5. If you want a portable tablet, this device is amazing.6. If you want to quickly check email, facebook, or twitter. This device is amazing.7. If you want to watch things like youtube videos, this device is amazing.8. If you want to have an e-reader you can hold in one hand with good quality, this device is amazing.Things it's not designed for:1. Heavy internet use.2. Android marketplace.3. Customization4. Storing lots of music and movies \"On the device\" (uses cloud storage)5. Media creation (no mic, cameras, etc)You MUST understand these things before buying it. The negative reviews usually fall under 3 categories of people: 1. The technologically illiterate who didn't research before buying. 2. The android/android market fan boys who are angry for no reason. Or 3. The Apple fan boys comparing it to their Ipad's.Let me tell you, this device is amazign for what it is supposed to do. I love it. I play some games, watch a movie or tv show, check my facebook, watch youtube videos, read a book, and I'm happy. This is what it is made for. It doesn't replace a laptop, it's an extra media device. It doesn't kill an Ipad either, because it's not supposed to. It's $199, and for that price it's basically a no brainer if you have netflix and a no brainer period if you don't already have a tablet. $199 is like nothing. Just buy it already.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Amazing for what its supposed to do. Most negative reviews idiotic", "unixReviewTime": 1324944000, "reviewTime": "12 27, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1MSJ0I6SZEIG", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "JayW1225", "helpful": [13, 15], "reviewText": "I absolutely love my new Kindle Fire.  The apps, the web, the games I play, the books I read, all of them function extremely well.  The battery time is pretty good, the quality of the color graphics is excellent considering this is Kindle's first real attempt at a color screen.  Volume on videos seems to vary from one to the other.  Biggest complaint is how heavy it is, which if reading while holding for a long time can become a bit cumbersome.  Overall, an excellent product, highly recommend for anyone who wants a tablet and electronic reader all in one!", "overall": 4.0, "summary": "Great Product, A little on the heavy side", "unixReviewTime": 1325548800, "reviewTime": "01 3, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A1NDSRWMB4OSVK", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 15], "reviewText": "This Christmas I received the kindle fire, I was so very excited until I found out these interesting facts:1.  NO CAMERA!!!  my sons leappad came with a camera and video recorder function (and only costs 100$)2.  I CANNOT get the optimum app that my cable company offers for free for phones, tablets and other apple or android devices, why? I just don't know, I've tried and it will not work, though I must admit the service works wonderfully for my mother who got the ipad and my brother with his android phone.  Since this actually is an android product you'd think android apps would be compatible.3.  Miniature memory, I'd like more space please.4.  Has trouble connecting to wifi at local restaurant I frequent, in fact I had to change the static IP address and give it my brothers ipod's to get it to work at all :(5.  I am only able to buy apps through amazon, there is no other alternative not happy, not happy at all.  I keep wishing that I got money toward an ipad instead.6.  There is no way to block your child from buying something on amazon from the device, all they have to do is click the button, which is a scary thought with a five year old who wants to play with mommy's toy.Main Idea:  If your looking for something exceptional, get the ipad, I've had the opportunity to use both and the ipad, it's a million times better, if your looking for something for a young child save a hundred bucks and get the leappad, its awesome and you don't have to worry about monitoring websites or your child making purchases for you.  If your looking for something mediocre at best this is a good option.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Not all that pleased with this Christmas gift...wish I got an apple product.", "unixReviewTime": 1325030400, "reviewTime": "12 28, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1NF7FL29B8DP7", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 15], "reviewText": "First up, this is a totally different device from the Kindles of the past.  In fact, I became nostalgic for the older, e-Ink versions the moment I picked it up--it's heavy!  The screen can't be read in direct sunlight, just like they used to portray in their ads comparing e-Ink Kindles to iPads.  The UI seems sluggish when scrolling, unlike the smooth operation of the iPad, plus I had a hard time stopping the \"carousel\" on the front page and clicking what I wanted.  You must click VERY deliberately with this device, sometimes with force.  A bit annoying.  More cons: can't return products bought on Amazon.com (no return button), I assume this is because it can't print either (why not?  My printer is on WiFi.); the Amazon buying experience is actually much better on the Amazon app for iPad; Amazon Prime has a very limited free movie selection (it's literally like 2-3 pages of movies and that's it); free movies can't be downloaded from Prime and watched, say, on a plane where you actually NEED a tablet; the backlight on the screen seems to bleed on the edges with \"light spots\" which would get annoying after some use (iPad had this problem with iPad2 but promptly corrected it); volume was a little weak compared to the iPad.If you want to view magazines on this device it requires a software update to 6.1.  Oh, and the cables are involved to actually DO the update \"are sold separately.\"  Really?  So for all of the people who get this on Christmas they actually won't be able to see any magazines for several days until they purchase a micro USB port?  Wow!  To compare it to the prior versions, this cable was included, as it was cleverly integrated as part of the charging unit.Pros: it's color!  It's probably great for folks who have never owned an iPad, have delicate skin and stay indoors (can't read the screen in sunlight), don't have a TV they can watch \"Lost\" on, and have very fast WiFi internet connections.  Other pro: it's priced well below other Android tablets of the same size.Going to return this, but my Amazon account says \"Shipping Soon\" and won't let me, even though I've got the product in my hands.One last thing, I had to spend 15 minutes on the phone with support to get this \"registered.\"  It is supposed to come pre-registered but was not.  I am technically adept and I can tell you there was is a bug in the registration process on the Kindle that prevented registration with my Amazon account, had to be manually reassigned.  Very frustrating.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "It's not for me...", "unixReviewTime": 1321660800, "reviewTime": "11 19, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1P8NTDRG9UICN", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 15], "reviewText": "I'm not impressed.1) touch experience is slow. There is lag on many operations.2) ux sucks. Many things do not give feedback on what is going on.3) reading on real kindle is better.4) simple external design (almost ugly)", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "not that great", "unixReviewTime": 1323734400, "reviewTime": "12 13, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1POB7HB197G7S", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 15], "reviewText": "Just a few thoughts on my experience that you may want to consider before buying your Fire.  In no particular order they are:System freezes/crashes on a regular basis.  Had it happen several times in a 30 minute period even.Web browsing is a horrible experience -I use my phone as a 3G hot spot and NEVER have signal issues at home with my laptop but operating the Fire is an entirely different story.  Force closes.  Looses connection all the time.  Signal strength is weak. (yet I can use my laptop sitting in the exact same location and have excellent signal strength/connection throughout).Screen has far too much glare to enjoy a movie or read a book.Poorly designed:Power on/off PUSH button located at the bottom of the device?! Far too easy to power off accidently.  How about a SLIDE button located at the top like the other Kindles?The speaker output is located on the side of the Fire.. So while Im holding my Fire and watching a movie, my hand is covering the speaker and muffling the sound.(These two design flaws alone negatively affected my Fire experience within the first hour of using the device)Touch navigation is inaccurate, lags 75% of the time.Reading a magazine is unpleasant.  Screen is way too small to accommodate text and images.  No ability to bookmark pages or articles for future reference.Interface is not intuitive  or user friendly -How about a toggle function?  If Im in the middle of reading a book and decide I want to look at another book I have to go to the home screen, select books, then select cloud or device, before I can even begin browsing.  Have you used a smart phone lately?  Press and hold the home screen and you can access your apps/tasks within ONE step.  Not three or four.I guess those are enough of the 'high'lights...  I really wanted to love the Fire and tried to live with its shortcomings but there are just too many to overcome. Returning -", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Disappointed and Dissatisfied", "unixReviewTime": 1324598400, "reviewTime": "12 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1Q3H4THOSA3P7", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [7, 15], "reviewText": "My son saved his money for almost a year to purchase the Kindle , and it is really neat. The problem came after 10 days of ownership when we found the screen to be cracked clear across the bottom third. No problem, call customer service and they will replace it due to a defect, right? WRONG! After speaking on chat with a representative and then on the phone, I was told that the warranty did not cover the screen. The screen on the Kindle Fire is advertized as follows: \" Extra Durable Display - Our state-of-the art Kindle Fire display is chemically strengthened to be 20 times stiffer and 30 times harder than plastic, making it extra durable and resistant to accidental bumps and scrapes.\"This was not our experience at all. To crack after less than 2 weeks with no known \"bump\" or \"scrape\" is unacceptable, and shows a flaw or defect in the screen itself. The only remedy which could be offered by Amazon was their offer to replace the Kindle for a \"service fee\" of $100. I would be very careful in purchasing this device as the screen seems to be either defective, or is not as  \"extra durable\" and strong as stated in its advertising. I have never heard of this kind of problem with ipads, but then, I guess you do get what you pay for...", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Durable Screen?? Not at all - buyer beware!!", "unixReviewTime": 1323129600, "reviewTime": "12 6, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1QBCM8UGCOW1J", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 15], "reviewText": "Amazon missed the boat with this one.  The hardware performs well, the platform seems mostly stable, and all the included apps work for the most part as advertised BUT...1.  No Android Market - Dumb.  Just dumb.  Amazon's AppStore is pathetic by comparison.2.  Big Brother is watching. Very hard to do anything not expressly provided by Amazon.3.  Worst. Interface. Ever.  Seriously.a.  the carousel is so twitchy it's like trying to interact with a meth freak.  Trying to select an itemmay move you up or down one \"bookshelf\" or may move you left or right one itemb.  sometimes the on-screen buttons won't react, especially the 'back\" button.  you may have to tap it upto six times to get a responsec.  the Video store is impossible to navigate in a useful fashion.  Everything is one giant array oficons, no ability to sort, and it forgets where you were in the list if you stop to look at oneselection and then attempt to go back, provided you can get the back button to work at alld.  all store fronts are designed around whatever Amazon is pushing, not what you want to buy.  Findingan item is painful unless you already know the exact title4.  This thing is a massive fingerprint magnet, front and back.I'm trying hard to like this thing, I really am.  Each individual function outside of the store fronts works quite well.  The eBook reader works fine, videos (from Amazon mind you; haven't tried anyone else) play smoothly, the few games I've tried functioned as designed, and the web browser, while disappointingly slow, seems to render pages without problems.  It's the glue that should hold all of these together, the user interface, that I have come to loathe in just a few days.  Highly frustrating at the best of times.The hardware is great, nice clear screen, good WiFi signal, and a reasonably fast processor make everything away from the root interface a pleasure to use.  The sound is quite powerful for such a small device, not hi-fi quality but adequate for the purpose. The power button on the other hand is a boneheaded design; far to easy to touch accidentally.When Amazon releases an operating system update that fixes the almost useless \"carousel\" metaphor and makes the store fronts useable, this will be a good buy.  Until then, stay away.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Brilliant device, terrible interface", "unixReviewTime": 1322265600, "reviewTime": "11 26, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1RGIPWOSJS0FJ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 15], "reviewText": "Admittedly, I am not savvy with technology but I cannot figure this out at all. I am trying to use this in my home which is wireless but cannot sign on to the wireless network. So, I am not making any progress. Others have written about the ease of use out of the box but I have not been so successful. I tried to use the tips on the Amazon website but was not successful. I don't think my experience is typical but as a newbie, I am lost!9/6/12 Update: I really love my Kindle Fire and carry it with me always . I now rate it 5 stars because I use it all the time. It is so portable that it fits in my purse without taking up a lot of room. I am surprised at the number of situations I am in when I have to wait for something; appointments, car pools, etc and I am always glrateful to be able to pull out the Kindle to catch up on a book.  I mostly use it to read books but that is exactly what I want it for. I have ordered books in wifi zones. It is great, portable and easy to use. I am an amazon prime member and love the benefits of that too. I borrow books for free and I purchase books. I tell everyone how much I love my kindle and it is very true!", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Update and love my Kindle Fire!", "unixReviewTime": 1321574400, "reviewTime": "11 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1RLT3T3R2HWSP", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 15], "reviewText": "I received my Kindle Fire as a gift from my husband the week before I am to go into the hospital to have our second child.  He actually purchased the Kindle from Walmart.  I am returning it because I thought that it was defective, however, it seems from the reviews I have read after the fact that it is performing as most of them do.  My biggest complaint is the extremely slow web browsing.  If you are a mac, ibook, iphone, or ipad user, a Kindle is NOT for you.  I have an OLD first generation 3G iphone that is faster on web browsing than the brand new Kindle Fire.  I LOVE the size, the way it handles, and really want to keep it, but it is pointless when I can use my iphone and do the same things faster, and can do it anywhere, not just where there is wifi.  I contacted customer support online regarding the Kindle Fire and they wanted me to return it to them and get a replacement.  WHAT?!  I paid $200 for the thing and you want me to send it back to you and WAIT for you to return me another one?  No, I don't think so.  This thing is going back in the box, back to Walmart where it came from TWO DAYS AGO. I will be getting a refund and probably won't be getting another one.  I repeat--if you are a Mac/Apple user, the Kindle Fire is a huge disappointment.  I am very sad because I know that my husband just wanted me to have a nice gift...and I thought that it was as well. If I do decide to get another one and it performs properly, I WILL amend this review.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED", "unixReviewTime": 1323993600, "reviewTime": "12 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1RV12XIXLL9HL", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Thomas H. Williams \"towillia\"", "helpful": [12, 15], "reviewText": "My Kindle fire really did not work well at all. I returned it. Thanks Amazon for being so cool. I thought the interface sucked, the touchscreen was frustrating on a good day, and the content deals were kind of a ripoff. So I wil continue to buy books on my regular Kindle, which I love, but this thing is a missfire. Bigtime.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Hmmm. Fire?", "unixReviewTime": 1323648000, "reviewTime": "12 12, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1S5C0EIYZP0OJ", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [0, 15], "reviewText": "I've seen comparison with this to the Ipad, but without 3G I don't think it will be as useful.  Please add 3G.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "I wish it had 3 G", "unixReviewTime": 1323475200, "reviewTime": "12 10, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1TPW86OHXTXFC", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "prisrob \"pris,\"", "helpful": [14, 15], "reviewText": "'Fire is the rapid oxidation of a material in the chemical process of combustion, releasing heat, light, and various reaction products.'  WikipediaThe Kindle Fire, such anticipation, I have waited so long. The Kindle Fire came well packaged in the Amazon brown box, with the name 'Kindle Fire' on the side. This is a new box, with an easy to open strip. Inside is a white plastic holder with the Fire prominently displayed. It comes wrapped in cellophane like material and is easily opened. Much to my surprise there is only one small card with instructions on how to get started. The power cord comes wrapped in its own package. You must charge your Fire, connect it to the power cable, and then connect the power cable to a wall outlet. Press the power button on the bottom of the Fire and it turns on while you are charging the Fire. It took about 10 minutes for the Fire to become completely charged. The instructions for Wifi are very easy and the complete assembly takes minutes. All of the applications download, and then it is yours to access. Mine was completley registered since I have the second generation Kindle, and Amazon used that information.There is a few minute orientation to the Fire, and then you are free to explore. The Icons are on the top, Newsstand, Books, Music, Video, Docs, Apps and Web. I tapped onto each application and tried them out.Newsstand- there are several magazines that give you a month's free view- easy to download. They will try to sell you a subscription, but it is easy to wait. I have Vanity Fair and The New Yorker to see how I like them on my Fire. I have both in subscription form, so the hard copy is delivered to me.Books- All of the books I have on my Kindle are here in the Fire, so I will read, Diane Keaton's new book on the Fire, to see how different it is from the Kindle.Music- No music yet on my cloud, but will download it.Video- I have Amazon Prime, so am looking forward to viewing many of the films.Docs- Have not sent any documents to my Fire as of yet, but it looks quite easy.Apps- There is quite a vriety of applications to download, free, so far I have downloaded the Weather, Amazon and ESPN.Web- Very easy to use-a list of web sites and you can add your own quickly.There are icons for sound, brightness, Wi-fi, sync and more.  I have set up my email, facebook and twitter accounts.I am so pleased with the new Amazon Fire- it is all as advertised and more. I did not have expectations that it would be an iPad. What I wanted was a tablet that is easy to use, ease of applications, fun, great color and sound. I am looking forward to more exploration.Highly Recommended. prisrob 11-15-11Kindle Keyboard, Wi-Fi, 6\" E Ink Display - includes Special Offers & Sponsored ScreensaversKindle, Wi-Fi, 6\" E Ink Display - includes Special Offers & Sponsored Screensavers", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "We've Got Fire!", "unixReviewTime": 1321315200, "reviewTime": "11 15, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1UFF0DSNSNHK5", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [0, 15], "reviewText": "One of the things that sold me on the Nook instead of the Kindle was the SD card slot so I can put my text books that are in PDF's on my device with no hassel. Amazon you shot yourself in the foot with this one. I am the user and I want the control to do what I want with the device that I purchase. I shouldn't be forced to the limited capacity of the device or use Cloud when I don't want to give some hacker the chance to steal my stuff, it will happen, it always does, some genius without a care is going to rip everyone off on Cloud. The other downside of the Kindle compared to the Nook that I see is the limited number of books Amazon has to offer and Barnes and Noble gives me a free book on fridays. Can't beat that deal.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "No SD No Sale", "unixReviewTime": 1327881600, "reviewTime": "01 30, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A1UJ8R1BCSZ17O", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [1, 15], "reviewText": "Jeff Bezos, Amazon's CEO, is a goon who is using a piece of junk called Kindle Fire to lock people into buying other junk on Amazon.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Goon", "unixReviewTime": 1324080000, "reviewTime": "12 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1UYXYGNHZ8D77", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 15], "reviewText": "Ordered and billed on 12-20. Told it would arrive on 12-21. Here it is 6PM on 12-24, and IT HAS NOT MADE IT! If you can't ship, why was I billed. My wife's biggest gift is not here. Bah Humbug! Fraud? This sucks big time. How do I get a response from UN-amazing-on?", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Can't rate something you don't have!", "unixReviewTime": 1324684800, "reviewTime": "12 24, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1XK79K6VQZWYI", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 15], "reviewText": "I wanted a simple device for watching MP4 files in the gym and obviously the normal book reading. I didn't want something with all the app inventory that the iPad has. Kindle Fire seemed perfect. The size was great. That said......I had to factory reset it twice in two weeks.I had to do the \"hold finger on the button\" thing to reboot it. Twice. In those same two weeks.It is nowhere near as responsive as the iPad. Screen manipulation is nowhere near as accurate as the iPad. It is a lot slower than the iPad. You can click something and then maybe click it again because you don't know if the touch was registered. Sometimes one thing came up. Other times the app you wanted came up and then went kooky as the other click/touch was registered inside the app (where you didn't mean it to happen). Bad juju.The applications it does have are awful. I put some music on to see what the GUI was like. Way too many clicks required. The \"Gallery\" app, where the MP4 files you drag and drop end up, was written by a three year-old. The GUI doesn't give you any titles so if you upload a TV series you have no idea which one if Episode 1 and no way to tell until you have clicked to open it to see how far into the programme you are.My only positive experience was today when I boxed it and dropped it off at the UPS store to get rid of it for the refund. I would have either eBay'd or regifted it but I wouldn't do that with an unreliable device. Best it just goes back to Amazon.I would say that even if you don't want the applications (like me) and really liked the Kindle size you should still get the iPad. The Kindle just didn't do it for me.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Terrible Experience", "unixReviewTime": 1323129600, "reviewTime": "12 6, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1XORTIH3YK4KP", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Cheryl", "helpful": [14, 15], "reviewText": "I pre-ordered the Kindle Fire and was anxiously awaiting its arrival.  However, I foolishly panicked when I read some of the critics' reviews.  I tried to cancel the order, but it was too late.  I couldn't back out, but now I am so glad my timing was off!First, some background about us.  Other than the purchases we've made from Amazon, we have no affiliation with Amazon whatsoever.  My spouse and I, with our computer engineering (hardware and software) degrees, were doomed to become gadget junkies.  Our children (ages 12 and 14) have been cursed with our affliction and have also become tech junkies.  We have computers, tablets and phones from a variety of operating systems:  iOS (Apple), Android, RIM (Blackberry) and Web OS (Palm).  Each gadget and each operating system has its pros and cons, of course, and while there are rabid fans of each who will vehemently defend their favorite product/company and vengefully and single-mindedly attack any competitor, I'd like to think we are rather objective, given our diverse collection.Despite my initial fears, the Kindle Fire has rapidly become one of our favorite tech toys.  It's versatile, easy to use and fills a niche that our other gadgets do not.  Every gadget has its faults, though, and we do have suggestions for the Kindle Fire 2, if Mr. Bezos and company are listening.  Now, on to the review:Size and weight.  The size and weight are ideal for reading, working, playing games and for holding the tablet in one hand for an extended period of time.  Another plus about the Kindle's size involves my irrational fear of robbery.  When I'm carrying my larger gadgets in their special cases, I'm always concerned about making myself look like the perfect target for a would-be robber; the cases are like a shining beacon announcing to the world that I am carrying an expensive gadget.  For the prices they charge for those gadgets, it would be painful if they were stolen!  The small size of the Fire allows us to discreetly tuck it away.  My daughter carries it in her purse, for example.Apps.  Amazon's free app of the day feature has saved us a considerable amount of money and headache on our android devices, and it continues to do so for the Fire.  You can try a game or app, and if you don't like it, you can remove it from your device with no money out of pocket.  If you do like the game or app, you'll like it even more because it was free.  Amazon allows purchasers to download all apps without additional charge to all the person's devices, so all of the apps we purchased for our phones are also on the Fire (however, you can choose to keep the apps in the Cloud, rather than download them onto the Fire).  We do use the official Android Market on rare occasions, but it is becoming less frequent as the Amazon market continues to grow.  I know there are those who complain about the \"low\" number of apps available (about 10,000), but I honestly don't understand the complaint.  Granted, my Apple devices have a lot of apps loaded on them, but the number of apps in iTunes is almost too numerous, and a large percentage of them are repetitive.  It takes a fair amount of time just to wade through the sea of apps I've loaded on my devices, even with the help of the folders and the search function.  In order to search for the most useful or fun apps in iTunes, I follow several Apple reporters on Twitter/Facebook or use apps that navigate through the endless ocean of new apps for you.Video.  Amazon has a huge selection of movies and TV shows available, and with your Kindle Fire comes a trial of Prime, which gives you free, unlimited streaming of over 10,000 movies and shows.  The movies and shows I've watched are clear and smooth, and the selection is much better than I expected.  I spend a large amount of time away from wi-fi, so I download the movies onto the device and watch them later.Books and magazines.  I've read several books on the Fire already, and it has been a pleasure.  Many people prefer the e-ink readers, but I've grown so accustomed to bright screens that I find reading with e-ink readers to be difficult.  No doubt I'm odd in that regard, but in my defense, my spouse and children have had no difficulty reading books on the Fire.  I've had no problem reading graphic-heavy magazines, either.Web.  The speed at which the Fire surfs the web is more than adequate.  I haven't noticed a huge difference between the speed of our phones and the speed on the Fire.  I used it this morning to edit one of our websites with no trouble at all.Music.  In addition to the music we obtained from Amazon, I copied all of our iTunes music into Amazon's free cloud service so we can listen to all of it on every device we have.  The sound on the Fire is clear, and it is loud enough for everyone in a relatively quiet room or car to hear (you probably can't hear it in the midst of a loud party).  Amazon's selection and prices are outstanding.  They frequently have sales and free songs or albums, and none of the items you purchase or download from Amazon count toward the 5GB of free Amazon cloud storage.Price.  It's hard to beat the price of the Kindle Fire.  At $199, it's affordable for most families, and if something goes wrong, the loss of $199 is easier to swallow than the loss of the other devices we have.  In our family, the low price makes this the only device to use in certain circumstances.  My son uses the Fire while tutoring differently-abled children.  My daughter is a volunteer naturalist at a state park and uses the Fire's apps to help children identify and learn about birds and other animals.  In both cases, the device must be used and passed around by a group of young children.  My children love it, the children they are teaching love it, and I don't have a coronary watching the Fire make the rounds; the Fire is tough and has stood up to rooms full of rambunctious children.  If it ever loses that fight, it's inexpensive enough to replace.Now for the cons.  It would be nice if the power button were on the top of the device instead of on the bottom.  I accidentally hit the button twice the first day I had it.  I'm used to it now, but I would still suggest that Amazon move it on the next build.  A physical volume button would be nice, but it's not a deal breaker.  Adjusting the volume using the screen is fast and easy.  It would also be nice if the Fire had Swype.  I can \"type\" extremely fast on the devices that have Swype; typing on my Apple devices and on the Fire seems quite slow by comparison.  Those who are accustomed to the one- or two-finger poking-type of typing won't notice a problem.  For some people, the lack of a camera is an issue.  I don't miss it at all.  The Fire is not quite as smooth as the iPad, but the difference is not very noticeable.  It would also be nice to have a micro SD and battery accessible to the consumer.Conclusion: The Kindle Fire is easy and fun to use.  It works as a great introductory tablet for a novice, or as a portable, carefree addition to any tech junkie's collection.  Everyone in our family is quite pleased with it.  Would I buy it again?  Yes, without hesitation.", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire fills a niche other tablets do not", "unixReviewTime": 1323561600, "reviewTime": "12 11, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1Y2WQ4DFTSC4D", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [8, 15], "reviewText": "Let me begin by saying I never expected this to be an replacement for iPad at the most economically feasible alternative! Let me begin with the good..The Good -1. Terrific Price2. Great screen resolution and sharp picture quality3. Plays Flash very well4. Love the screen savers :-)The Bad -1. It does get warm very quickly and is difficult to hold without the leather holder2. The touch screen is not very responsive to single touch, you need to have little bit of conviction in your touch!3. The Navigation is still not sorted out completely.. for many applications I needed to return to HOME to get back to a page in the application if I do not want to press back multiple times!4. Reliance on the Amazon Cloud pretty much limits your choice of what you want to have on your device and thereby the usage is restricted by the 8gb storage.5. The portrait to landscape goes for a toss when you reading lying down on your bed.6. Non existent security features and parental controls could be problem if you want to give this to your kids!7. No camera is disappointing on such a bulky deviceThe Ugly -1. Really bulky when compared to iPad, Galaxy Tab or even the Kindle e-ink which were adorable! I just cannot read a book lying down on by bed! the device is too bulky for it.2. Reading a book is definitely better on the previous versions with e-Ink.Bottom Line-I would recommend this only if you cannot afford an iPad like me, but still would like to have decent content which I have with Amazon Prime!", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Kindle Fire - Good, the bad the ugly! in a nutshell", "unixReviewTime": 1322352000, "reviewTime": "11 27, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1YQ0ACENZPHA1", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 15], "reviewText": "Not what I expected from Amazon... yes I knew it was somewhat subsidized, but I couldn't imagine all the restrictions to installing apps, and if not being able to install any swyping keyboard like touchpal wasn't a deal breaker, the lack of foreign language input methods was.I am so sorry to the 20 people I got Kindle Fire's to...I will probably get an ipad or galaxy tab instead.Cy", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Not enough freedom", "unixReviewTime": 1324771200, "reviewTime": "12 25, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1YZXE3CS3KGL", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Kuroth", "helpful": [11, 15], "reviewText": "I guess it's just the days we live in but reading through all the KF reviews, I was AMAZED at some of the reasons people gave it 1 and 2 star reviews..  From expecting features that were clearly not there and clearly explained in the details on the fire Specs page to Oh it's too heavy to Oh its nothing but a tiny store(Hello... They ALL are tiny stores for Pete's sake) and on and on and on..  I was like you people need a LOT of cheese to go with all this whining...Have had mine now for a few days and so far LOVE it..  Never had a Ipad but have had the Itouch for several years now and was wanting to get something bigger..  And while I love the Apple UI,  I utterly HATE ITunes..  Hate it with a passion...  It is so clunky and confusing to use.  Never understood why Apple had such a great UI and such a sucky back end Web site..  Amazon beats ITunes Hands down...And come on people..  For $199 (And I hear $149 on Black Friday), you can't beat this for that price..  My wife wants a Ipad2 and I wanted one too but decided because of the high price I could not afford to get us both one so got me the KF and I will get her the Ipad2..  But I bet over time she will use my KF more..  Just a hunch...I have a friend that works with me and he actually tests all Tablets and Smart phones for our company and says he's very impressed with the KF.  He loves his IPad2 but says he hates the heavy weight of the Ipad2 and he might even switch to the KF as his goto device of choice...I was going to wait a week or two before posting my review but after seeing all these silly 1 star reviews, had to post it now..I will update if I have any issues but so far all I can say is I am fired up about the KF...", "overall": 5.0, "summary": "Never seen so many picky nitpicking people in all my life...", "unixReviewTime": 1322006400, "reviewTime": "11 23, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A1ZRTIUXFRV0TO", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [2, 15], "reviewText": "Useless device, stupid, dishonest, app store does not work for users outside the United States. It is a shame. Requires a credit card with billing address in the United States. We're back to the middle ages. After years of buying on Amazon with my Brazilian cards and being Amazon Prime!!!! I never imagined that I was able to call \"APPLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE\".", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "App store don't work outside US", "unixReviewTime": 1326585600, "reviewTime": "01 15, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A216MP5AJ2QB3E", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [6, 15], "reviewText": "I purchased 2 of these for my kids as an alternative to an iPad. While Santa hasn't delivered these yet, my initial impression is that Amazon has a lot of kinks to work out.Pros: Brilliant color, quick access to primary functions that are very user friendly (books, video, music, etc). Whispersync is great as I hate having to manually sync my phone to my computer.Cons: While a password can be required to unlock the Fire, there's no password required to make purchases through the tablet. That means kids can buy apps, movies, books and the like directly from your account without your knowledge or approval.You know how you can buy DVDs and Blu Rays with a digital copy for a few dollars more? Yeah, you can't view those digital copies on your Fire. Fire only supports 2 file types and neither are defaults on those digital copies. So you have to either buy converter software and spend a lot of time converting those movies, or buy digital versions directly from Amazon which means you can't watch the movie anyplace else unless you can hook up your computer to your TV. If you choose to convert your movies they must be manually moved to the Fire (you'll need to buy a micro USB cable and hook up to your computer - Whispersync won't help you here), then those videos won't be in the video tab, they'll be in the Gallery which is a pain to find, and the videos won't be labeled.These two cons are pretty big for me and if it weren't so close to Christmas I'd return these and get something else.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Not a good option for kids", "unixReviewTime": 1324425600, "reviewTime": "12 21, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A26BZFMY0PHVC5", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "Marco Gonzlez", "helpful": [10, 15], "reviewText": "After two days of mostly frustrating revelations, I wrote this. I travel internationally often and want to be able to use the device as well as in US.Content can only be purchased while in US. Reportedly I cannot choose and download a movie, apps, music, books while in another country.So I bought a 199$ ebook reader. In a spanish web site I reed that is useful outside of US. And it is true.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Total disappointment", "unixReviewTime": 1322784000, "reviewTime": "12 2, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A26DC23T120ZT3", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 15], "reviewText": "just wrote this letter as a response to survey email from Amazon about my Fire that connects to our Wi-fi but not to the internet which makes it less useful than a cube of ice...So, so very disappointed in your company and in this product.  You keep sending these \"tell us how we are doing emails\" but what's the point as you don't seem to care that you sent me a $200 paperweight (It also makes a lovely mirror) as a Christmas gift and that now I'm sending it back.  Although I know you won't read this letter, like you did not read the others...Let me tell you how poorly you are doing.  I have to mention my husband got hung-up on while he was on hold and had to call back so this rep truly did not help at all.....but down to the real issue.  I get that there can be issues when something massive like this fancy tablet is produced and is one of the 1st to be sent out..  but the true lack of concern by your company is truly upsetting for me.  My family does not have a lot of extra money and my husband saved months to buy me this toy for Christmas.  I did not need this extravagant toy and was not expecting to get anything half as nice as this and was so thrilled I burst into tears from his thoughtfulness of pinching his pennies for me to have this toy.  But it did not work right and he has so been frustrated because it was the only gift he got me this year.  It really sucks that his joy got smashed and he tried so hard and you guys won't even admit that it's a dud.  I tried to keep a smile on my face for him but he's really bummed and that makes me bummed.  You guys know it's a programing issue and the best you can do is send \"tell us how we're doing emails\".  Customer service is on every company's to-do-list these days but you want to know something.  Happy customers don't really contact you that much.  Angry customers contact you.  It should be clear from the sheer amount of communication from my house in the last few days that you are doing a spectacularly bad job.  How about doing something useful like send the needed \"sold separately cable\" that may or probably won't fix the issue or sending a replacement for the dud (well it's not really a dud it also works as an awkward flashlight, mirror, paperweight etc).Before you ask, no need to call me be back unless you want to send me a new working reader but I know that's not going to happen.BTW I work in customer service so I know some poor soul just had to put up with my rant and it's not your fault but the soulless company you work for.  Everyone has to make a living and feed your family so I apologize to you and hope you had a lovely Christmas (if you celebrate it) and a Happy and Prosperous New Year.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Makes a nice flashlight a guess, won't do anything else", "unixReviewTime": 1324944000, "reviewTime": "12 27, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A27N6VH4H1BD2N", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 15], "reviewText": "Amazon has limited this device in so many ways I barely know where to start.  The operating system is customized, greatly limiting the number of available Apps.  At least I knew this coming in.  The quality of these apps is sometimes more limited than the same named app provides in the iPhone / iPad worlds (especially financial apps).  What I did not know was how intrusively obnoxious the operating system is.  In a large variety of contexts (software icons, privacy, ...) , delete does not really mean delete.  Until this is pervasively fixed in the device, the device should be avoided. One touch purchasing on a touch device needs a way to be comprehensively turned off as well.  If you like things your way on your devices avoid this device.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "Excessive Amazon control of device functionality is limiting", "unixReviewTime": 1324512000, "reviewTime": "12 22, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2B1U27X1BQ951", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 15], "reviewText": "I purchased the Kindle Fire as a Christmas gift, so haven't used it yet.  However, I wanted to let people know that \"Kindle Fire\" is written all over the box along with other logos that make what's inside unmistakable!  My boyfriend got home before I did and brought in the UPS packages.  So much for a Christmas surprise!  I'm very disappointed.  If you're considering ordering one for a family member, take my advice and have it sent to a friend.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "SANTA BEWARE!", "unixReviewTime": 1321488000, "reviewTime": "11 17, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2B3HO9WLBWIDL", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 15], "reviewText": "The raise in \"book\" prices announced by several newspapers, magazines and banners on my computer makes the Kindle not quite the great idea it started out to be. I don't believe this HAD to happen. It affects the integrity of the product and it's potential. I had been considering buying a couple for friends who live on boats but the price difference between having a real live new or (albeit some times battered) used or traded book and down loading a virtual Kindle makes the Kindle option more expensive. Budgets do count now more than ever and it appears that the Kindle is taking advantage of a trapped audience.", "overall": 1.0, "summary": "tessa", "unixReviewTime": 1324166400, "reviewTime": "12 18, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2B77CEDF7E97Z", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "reviewerName": "A. Davis", "helpful": [14, 15], "reviewText": "I'll make this short and save you some time. So you know:I bought this as a simple family tablet.I have an iPhone - only thing I can compare to the Kindle Fire.Things that bother me after a day's worth of play:*No buttons. I would love a home button and volume buttons. (hardware) I hate the way you have to tap the bottom of the screen before finding the home screen. I fumble to turn down the volume at times.*Speakers are ok with games and video, but with music it's not up to par.*You can't delete items from the carousel.*It's not very sensitive. Sometimes I have to press the 'button' I need 2-3 even 4 times before the Fire recognizes it. This is quite annoying.*It's difficult for my 4 year old (whose mastered my iphone). This tablet was bought for my 4 year old as much as it was bought for me and my spouse.And my biggest peeve:1 click payments cannot be disabled. This means I can't even walk away from my 4 year old for 5 seconds without worrying he might buy something on accident.EDIT - IT LOOKS LIKE YOU CAN DISABLE 1 CLICK THOUGH I HAVEN'T TRIED TO MAKE A PURCHASE YET.There are some good things about the fire as well, but I think most reviewers have went over them. For 200.00 - you get what you pay for. I'm still undecided on keeping it. I think I will test it out for the next week and see if it grows on me.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "My expectations were high for the kindle fire...", "unixReviewTime": 1321401600, "reviewTime": "11 16, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2BDXK3VIZDPH2", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [4, 15], "reviewText": "i ordered this hot off the press(i preordered).  I bought it for my husband. I had a Nook color and thought he'd be able update to date with the latest gadget.  Things didn't work right. He kept getting pop ups all over the place when he went on the internet.  The pandora worked differently.  It froze a few times.  We had that product less than a week before we returned it.  We bought the Nook tablet and happier.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "not what i thought It would be", "unixReviewTime": 1324339200, "reviewTime": "12 20, 2011"}
{"reviewerID": "A2CMPMTI98KBVN", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [3, 15], "reviewText": "Kindle Fire, Full Color 7\" Multi-touch Display, Wi-FiMy wife gave me a Kindle Fire for Christmas.  We were in the process of moving back to Arizona from Indiana, where we had been for treatment of medical problems.When we got back to Arizona the first week of January, I re-activated my Cox cable account and attempted to connect my Fire to Cox so I could send and received emails.I was able to download emails, but not to send them!i spent an hour or more on the phone with Kindle technical support, trying all kinds of different settings for the smtp outgoing server.  It would still received email, but would not send it.They finally sent me to Cox cable technical support. The tech people there spent an hour and a half on the phone with me, but could not get the Kindle Fire to send email.They ultimately sent me back to Kindle.This time, I was told by the Kindle tech that they know that the Fire is incompatible with Cox cable email, and that they have no fix for the email sending problem.They said their \"developers\" MAY develop a fix at some later date, but they don't know when or if.Even though my Fire was out of the return period, they agreed to accept it back for a full refund because it was incapable of connecting with the Cox smtp server and sending email.Amazon does not tell you this in their advertising, of course.So if you are a Cox cable subscriber, I would avoid this device like the plague.This is the second time Amazon has done this to me.  We got the \"new\" Kindle that was supposed to connect to Wi-fi points wherever you may be.  However, we found that while the Kindle would connect to our home wi-fi point, it would not connect to other free wi-fi points, such as in hotels, hospitals, airports, etc.  To my knowledge, Amazon has never fixed this problem.Oh well, burn me once, shame on you.  Burn me twice, shame on me . . .In fairness, an update to my review.After all of that, a semi-anonymous blogger told me what the solution was and it had NOTHING to do with outgoing server settings or anything else rational.I had to go to email, select settings, and go to an area called \"composition options.\"In this area, one can add or delete signatures, opt to include or exclude the text you were replying to, etc.  The Fire apparently copies your email address automatically to this area, but since Cox is not listed on the Kindle Fire as an approved email provider,  (guessing here) the auto copying only puts in your user name - it does not copy the \"@cox.net\" tail on the email address.  You have to manually go into this non-intuitive area and add this on.After that it works like a charm, no thanks to Amazon.So many kudos to some guy named Letson, whomever he may be.I have also called Amazon and Cox, both of whom were unaware of this problem and its solution.  They both assured me that they would spread the word and stop giving out erroneous information to customers.  Hopefully others will be spared the hours of frustration that I have endured.", "overall": 2.0, "summary": "Flim Flammed Again", "unixReviewTime": 1329523200, "reviewTime": "02 18, 2012"}
{"reviewerID": "A2DKH5OLW5BXOE", "asin": "B0051VVOB2", "helpful": [5, 15], "reviewText": "Has great color, speed and apps but the battery drains very quickly.  Needs to have more personalization options.  You should be able to choose what stays in the carousel.", "overall": 3.0, "summary": "Nice but needs more personalization & longer battery life...", "unixReviewTime": 1321660800, "reviewTime": "11 19, 2011"}
